Gondar, the Bounty Hunter

Agility Hero

When the hunted tell tales of Gondar the Bounty Hunter, none are sure of which are true. In whispered tones they say he was abandoned as a kit, learning his skill in tracking as a matter of simple survival. Others hear he was an orphan of war, taken in by the great Soruq the Hunter to learn the master's skill with a blade as they plumbed the dark forests for big game. Still others believe he was a lowly street urchin raised among a guild of cutpurses and thieves, trained in the arts of stealth and misdirection. Around campfires in the wild countryside his quarry speaks the rumors of Gondar's work, growing ever more fearful: they say it was he who tracked down the tyrant King Goff years after the mad regent went into hiding, delivering his head and scepter as proof. That it was he who infiltrated the rebel camps at Highseat, finally bringing the legendary thief White Cape to be judged for his crimes. And that it was he who ended the career of Soruq the Hunter, condemned as a criminal for killing the Prince's prized hellkite. The tales of Gondar's incredible skill stretch on, with each daring feat more unbelievable than the last, each target more elusive. For the right price, the hunted know, anyone can be found. For the right price, even the mightiest may find fear in the shadows.

Shuriken Toss
Hurls a deadly shuriken at an enemy unit, dealing damage and mini-stunning the target. Shuriken Toss bounces to Tracked targets within range.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Allows more bounces on each enemy and increases the mini-stun duration.
Jinada
Bounty Hunter plans his next hit, passively adding a critical strike and slowing maim to his next attack.
Shadow Walk
Bounty Hunter becomes invisible and gains the ability to move through other units until he attacks or uses an ability. If he breaks the invisibility with an attack, that attack will deal bonus damage.
Track
Tracks an enemy hero, granting True Sight of it and a gain in movement speed to allies near the hunted target. If the target dies, Bounty Hunter and nearby heroes collect a bounty of extra gold.