N'aix, the Lifestealer

Strength Hero

In the dungeons of Devarque, a vengeful wizard lay in shackles, plotting his escape. He shared his cell with a gibbering creature known as N'aix, a thief cursed by the Vile Council with longevity, so that its life-sentence for theft and cozening might be as punishing as possible. Over the years, its chains had corroded, along with its sanity; N'aix retained no memory of its former life and no longer dreamt of escape. Seeing a perfect vessel for his plans, the wizard wove a spell of Infestation and cast his life-force into N'aix's body, intending to compel N'aix to sacrifice itself in a frenzy of violence while the mage returned to his body and crept away unnoticed. Instead, the wizard found his mind caught in a vortex of madness so powerful that it swept away his plans and shattered his will. Jarred to consciousness by the sudden infusion of fresh life, N'aix woke from its nightmare of madness and obeyed the disembodied voice that filled its skull, which had only the one thought: To escape. In that moment Lifestealer was born. The creature cast its mind into dungeon guards and soldiers, compelling them to open locks and cut down their companions, opening an unobstructed path to freedom while feeding on their lives. Lifestealer still wears the broken shackles as a warning that none may hold him, but on the inside remains a prisoner. Two minds inhabit the single form—a nameless creature of malevolent cunning, and the Master whose voice he pretends to obey.

Rage
Launch into a maddened rage, gaining Spell Immunity and increased attack speed.
Feast
Regenerates a portion of the attacked enemy's current HP and deals the same portion of damage per attack.
Open Wounds
Lifestealer rends an enemy unit, slowing the victim's movespeed and allowing all allies to lifesteal on that unit. All damage dealt will steal life, including damage from spells. The victim recovers movement speed over the duration.
Infest
Lifestealer will infest the body of the target unit, lying dormant and undetectable inside. Cannot be cast on enemy heroes.
Consume
Lifestealer eats the host body from the inside out. When he reveals himself, he deals damage to all nearby enemy units. The Lifestealer can gain experience from units that die while he is Infesting a unit. If the unit is an enemy creep, he will devour it first, gaining health equal to the unit's current HP.
Control
Lifestealer seizes control of the host body's nervous system, allowing him to issue movement and attack orders from within. Controlled units share Lifestealer's movement speed. Cannot be used on heroes.
Assimilate
Lifestealer swallows an allied hero, allowing them to hide inside him. Any healing Lifestealer receives is shared with the hero within. When an assimilated hero leaves Lifestealer, they erupt outwards, damaging nearby enemies.
Eject
Ejects an assimilated hero out of Lifestealer, damaging nearby enemies.