Nyx Assassin

Agility Hero

Deep in the Archive of Ultimyr, shelved between scholarly treatises on dragon cladistics and books of untranslatable spells, there is an ancient tome of entomological curiosities. Compiled by scholars, the book describes the telepathic talents of the zealot scarab, a strange species of social insect with abilities unique to all the seven planes.
Unlike most grubs of his colony, Nyx Assassin did not arise from metamorphosis with the plodding thoughts and blunted appendages common to the worker caste of his kind. For his was a special transformation, guided by the grace of Nyx. He was the chosen one, selected from the many and anointed with an extract of the queen goddess herself. Not all survive the dark blessing of the queen's chamber, but he emerged with a penetrating mind, and dagger-like claws—his razor sharp mandibles raking the air while his thoughts projected directly into the minds of those around him. Of all zealot scarabs, he alone was selected for the highest calling. After his metamorphosis, he was reborn, by grace of Nyx, with abilities which shaped him for one thing and one thing only: to kill in the name of his goddess.

Impale
Rock spikes burst from the earth along a straight path. Enemy units are hurled into the air, then are stunned and take damage when they fall.
Mana Burn
Burns the target hero's mana equal to a multiplier of its Intelligence, and deals damage equal to the mana burned.
Spiked Carapace
When activated, Spiked Carapace reflects and negates damage dealt (max once from each source), as well as stunning the source of the damage.
Vendetta
Allows Nyx Assassin to become invisible and gain a movement speed bonus. If Nyx Assassin attacks to break the invisibility, massive bonus damage is dealt with the attack.
Burrow
While burrowed, Nyx Assassin is invisible and unable to move or attack, but has extra damage resistance and regenerates a portion of his health and mana per second. Nyx Assassin's abilities also have improved properties while burrowed:
Mana Burn and Impale have increased cast range.
Impale cooldown is reduced.
Spiked Carapace instantly stuns any enemy units within an area of effect without requiring them to hurt him first.
Casting Vendetta immediately ends Burrow.
Unburrow
Emerge from the burrow.