Davion, the Dragon Knight

Strength Hero

After years on the trail of a legendary Eldwurm, the Knight Davion found himself facing a disappointing foe: the dreaded Slyrak had grown ancient and frail, its wings tattered, its few remaining scales stricken with scale-rot, its fangs ground to nubs, and its fire-gouts no more threatening than a pack of wet matchsticks. Seeing no honor to be gained in dragon-murder, Knight Davion prepared to turn away and leave his old foe to die in peace. But a voice crept into his thoughts, and Slyrak gave a whispered plea that Davion might honor him with death in combat. Davion agreed, and found himself rewarded beyond expectation for his act of mercy: As he sank his blade in Slyrak's breast, the dragon pierced Davion's throat with a talon. As their blood mingled, Slyrak sent his power out along the Blood Route, sending all its strength and centuries of wisdom to the knight. The dragon's death sealed their bond and Dragon Knight was born. The ancient power slumbers in the Dragon Knight Davion, waking when he calls it. Or perhaps it is the Dragon that calls the Knight...

Breathe Fire
Unleashes a breath of fire on enemy units in a cone in front of Dragon Knight.
Dragon Tail
Dragon Knight smites an enemy unit in melee range with his shield, stunning it while dealing minor damage.

When using Elder Dragon Form, the cast range is increased.
Dragon Blood
The life blood of the Dragon improves health regeneration and strengthens armor.
Elder Dragon Form
Transforms the Dragon Knight into a powerful elder dragon.

Level 1 Green Dragon with Corrosive Breath. Level 2 Red Dragon with Corrosive Breath and Splash Attack. Level 3 Blue Dragon with Corrosive Breath, Splash Attack, and Frost Breath.
Corrosive Breath
Dragon Knight spews forth volatile acid breath dealing damage over time.
Splash Attack
Dragon Knight hits all enemies within the area with splash damage.
Frost Breath
Dragon Knight attacks with the power of ice and slows all enemies hit by his attacks.