Sylla, the Lone Druid

Agility Hero

Long before the first words of the first histories there rose the druidic Bear Clan. Wise and just they were, and focused in their ways to seek an understanding of the natural order. The arch forces of nature saw this, and so sought the most learned among them. Wise old Sylla, clan justiciar and seer, stepped forward for his kin, and to him was given the Seed with these words: 'When all of the world has dimmed, when civilization has left these lands, when the world is slain and wracked by the endless deserts at the end of ages, plant the Seed.' As he grasped his trust, Sylla felt his years recede and his vitality returned. Vast knowledge burst into his mind. He found himself able to project his very will into reality and, with some concentration, alter his own physical form as well. Yet subtle whispers and cruel ears brought word of the Seed and its power to other peoples, and a terrible war crashed upon the Bear Clan. As his ancestral home burned, Sylla took his burden and fled to the wild places. Ages passed, and time and myth forgot the Bear Clan, forgot Sylla and the Seed, forgot wondrous civilizations that rose and fell in Bear Clan's wake. For millennia Sylla has waited, waited for word from his deities, waited for peace to come to the ever warring realms, waited in exile and in secret for the end of all things and for the conclusion of his sacred commitment, preparing himself always to face and destroy whatever would dare threaten his purpose.

Summon Spirit Bear
Summons a powerful Spirit Bear companion that can equip items. When the Spirit Bear moves too far from Lone Druid, it cannot attack. If the Spirit Bear dies, the Lone Druid suffers damage as backlash. As the bear increases in levels, it can learn the abilities Return, Entangling Claws, and Demolish. Spirit Bear does not benefit from attributes.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Removes the leash range and prevents it from dying with Lone Druid.
Rabid
Increases the attack and movement speed of Lone Druid and the Spirit Bear.
Savage Roar
Lone Druid roars fiercely causing nearby enemies to flee towards their base in terror.
True Form
Lone Druid learns to morph himself into a raging bear, losing his ranged advantage and some base movement speed, but gaining melee power as well as the Battle Cry ability. He can morph freely between druid and bear form.
Druid Form
With wisdom from ages long past, Lone Druid returns to his Druid form.
Battle Cry
Adds damage and armor to the Lone Druid and his Spirit Bear.
Return
Teleports the Spirit Bear back to the Lone Druid. The Spirit Bear gains this ability at level 2.
Entangling Claws
Attacks have a chance to cause roots to burst from the ground, immobilizing the attacked enemy unit, dealing damage per second. The Spirit Bear gains this ability at level 3.
Savage Roar
Spirit Bear roars fiercely causing nearby enemies to flee towards their base in terror.
Demolish
Increases the power of the Spirit Bear, causing it to deal more damage to buildings and have additional spell resistance. The Spirit Bear gains this ability at level 4.