Nortrom, the Silencer

Intelligence Hero

Part of the seventh and final generation of a carefully designed pedigree, Nortrom was bred by the ancient order of the Aeol Drias to be the greatest magic user the world had ever seen. He was the prophesied one, the culmination of two-hundred years of careful pairings, a war-mage who would bring glory to the order, and destruction to their sworn enemies, The Knights of the Fold.
Raised with other young mages in a hidden cantonment among the hills of the Hazhadal barrens, the order's preceptors waited for Nortrom's abilities to manifest. While the other students honed their talents with fire, or ice, or incantatory spells, Nortrom sat silent and talentless, unable to cast so much as a hex. As the day of final testing approached, he still hadn't found his magic. In disgust, the preceptors berated him, while the children laughed. "You are no mage," the head of the order declared. Still, Nortrom did not slink away. He entered the day of testing and faced down the young mages who had mocked him. And then his preceptors learned a valuable lesson: a lack of magic can be the greatest magic of all. Nortrom silenced the young mages one by one and defeated them in single combat, until he alone stood as champion of the Aeol Drias, in fulfillment of the prophecy.

Arcane Curse
Curses the target area, slowing enemy heroes and causing them to take damage. Any time affected enemies cast a spell, the curse duration is increased.
Glaives of Wisdom
Silencer enchants his glaives with wisdom, dealing additional damage based on his Intelligence.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Pierces Spell Immunity and deals double damage against silenced units.
Last Word
Targets an enemy unit placing a debuff on it. While the debuff is active, casting any spell causes the target to become silenced and take damage. If the duration of the debuff runs out without the target casting a spell it will still become silenced and take damage.
Global Silence
Silencer stops all sound, preventing enemy heroes and units on the map from casting spells.
Intelligence Steal
If an enemy hero dies nearby, Silencer will permanently steal Intelligence from that hero. A hero cannot have less than one intelligence, so if killed Silencer will not receive any intelligence from it.