Visage, the Bound Form of Necro'lic

Intelligence Hero

Perched atop the entrance to the Narrow Maze sit the looming shapes of sneering gargoyles, the paths into the hereafter forever in their gaze. Beasts and birds, men and monsters, all creatures that die and choose to travel beyond must someday pass beneath their sight. For an untethered spirit, the decision to journey through the veil of death is irrevocable. When chance comes, and by craft or cunning some restless soul escapes their hells and heavens, it is the dreaded gargoyle Visage, the bound form of the eternal spirit Necro'lic, who is dispatched to reclaim them. Ruthless and efficient, unhindered by the principles of death and fatigue, Visage stalks its prey without mercy or end, willingly destroying all which may give shelter to the fugitive essence. That which flaunts the laws of the afterlife may never rest, for while it is true that the dead may be revived, it is only a matter of time before Visage finds and returns them to their proper place.

Grave Chill
Visage drains the movement and attack speed of the targeted unit, gaining it for itself.
Soul Assumption
Visage damages the targeted unit based on the number of soul charges. Visage gains a soul charge when damage taken by all heroes around him reaches the damage threshold.
Gravekeeper's Cloak
Visage generates a layered barrier that protects him from damage. If he receives damage from a player exceeding the threshold, one layer is removed, and takes time to recover.
Summon Familiars
Conjures two blind Familiars to fight for Visage. Familiars possess the Stone Form ability, that allows them to turn into stone, stunning enemies upon landing. While in Stone Form, Familiars are invulnerable, and rapidly regenerate their health. Familiars grant a high bounty when killed.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Increases the number of Familiars summoned.
Stone Form
After a short delay, the Familiar turns into stone and smashes into the ground, stunning and damaging all targets in the area. The Familiar becomes invulnerable, and will regain its health very rapidly. After a few seconds, the Familiar will automatically leave Stone Form.