Alchemist Tips 

Try to catch people in Acid Spray before you stun them. Spray lowers armor significantly and Unstable Concoction deals physical damage.

If you're teleporting into a fight, try casting Unstable Concoction before you start the TP. That way you'll have a pre-cooked stun ready the moment you show up.

You can use Unstable Concoction's self-detonate to deny yourself.

Unstable Concoction will affect the entire AoE, even when it detonates on you. You could theoretically self-detonate a Concoction near an enemy to outsmart their Linken's Sphere. If you're spell immune you won't even take the self-stun.

Be aware that enemies can see the Concoction countdown timer.

You can no longer dodge the self-stun on a failed Concoction by activating Chemical Rage at the moment of detonation. Stop trying.

You get 30 seconds between stacks on Greevil's Greed. If you're freefarming, you should be hitting the max cap constantly. If you're jungling, learn how to strategically draw aggro from neutral creeps using Acid Spray to keep stacks up.

You can Greevil's Greed off Undying Tombstone zombies. You cannot Greevil's Greed off any illusion, building, or ward.

Activating Chemical Rage disjoints projectiles on cast. You don't need to time it, just activate Rage whenever you see a projectile flying towards you.

If you're starved for mana and you're sitting on a Basi ring, disassemble it if you're Chemically Raged. The bonus mana regen you're getting from your ult is counted as base mana regen, thus a percentage based item (such as the Sage Mask) from your Basi ring will regen mana quicker than a flat regen item (such as the full Basilius.) Or keep a value Sage Mask in your backpack.

Just because you think the damage from Acid Spray isn't hurting you that much doesn't mean you should stand around in it. Acid Spray drops your armor substantially, so you're far more vulnerable to a gank when in the Spray.

Alchemist himself has pretty garbage armor, so armor-debuffing spells and items are great for killing him through Chemical Rage.

Unstable Concoction detonates in a small AoE. Don't give your teammate a hug if they're about to get hit by the Concoction because it'll stun both of you. Similarly, if you have Alchemist disabled, beware of it self-detonating on Alchemist. You'll get stunned if you're too close.

Unstable Concoction cannot be disjointed by invisibility or blinks.

You can click on Alchemist to see how much time is left on the Chemical Rage buff. Try to time your ganks when the buff is about to run out.

Ancient Apparition is a good Alc counter since Ice Blast cancels the massive HP regen bonus he gets from Chemical Rage.

Spirit Vessel can significantly reduce the HP regen he gets from Chemical Rage.