Ancient Apparition Tips 

Eul's Cyclone can practically guarantee a Cold Feet stun on a target.

Ice Vortex is more than a massive range slow. It's also a ground targeted Veil of Discord that lowers magic resistance. Throw them all over the place when you're pushing and try to ult people when they're sitting in a Vortex for massive damage. Keep this in mind when attacking people with Chilling Touch's magical damage as well.

Ice Vortex is also a great scouting tool with the vision it provides. Use it to scout out Rosh attempts or to check high ground or to help with counterwarding.

Ice Vortex boosts AA's movespeed when you glide over it.

AA always gets the Chilling Touch buff on cast, even if you're not in the AoE.

The slow from Chilling Touch goes through spell immunity.

Chilling Touch attacks count as two damage instances which can be useful against TA's Refraction or Treant's Living Armor.

Ice Blast is a great way to disable Blink Daggers for 8+3/9+3/10+3 seconds or 17+3 with Agh's (the +3 is the time it takes for the Dagger to unbreak after the last tick of damage). You don't even need to land the Blast. As long as they get the Frostbite debuff, an enemy's Dagger will stay broken for the whole duration. Use it before team fights on an enemy initiator.

Shoot your ult farther than you think it should go in most short range encounters. The Shatter debuff can be more useful than the nuke in some situations and as long as an enemy along the path of the projectile, they'll get frosted. Plus, the Ice Blast projectile travels slow as hell at low ranges and it's very easy for people to retreat the second they see it.

If the enemy team came out on top after a fight, consider shooting an Ice Blast to the nearest shrine. You may catch some low HP stragglers trying to get some emergency regen.

If you're walking back to the fountain at low HP and an enemy AA is alive, take a short break and try to bait the Ice Blast. It's worth spending a few extra seconds standing at your rax rather than risking getting blasted in your fountain.

If you're too impatient to wait, you can go into your fountain and buy a cheeky Raindrop. If the Blast lands, it'll save you, if it doesn't, sell it back.

You can see the Tracer for AA's ult on your minimap if you have true sight (which is how you can see it flying over your ancient when he's shooting it at your fountain). If you're taking Rosh, put a sentry ward outside the pit and have someone stand outside and keep eyes on the minimap to see if you're getting Ice Blasted.

His ult is famous for having the game's most confusing tooltip. If you're against an AA, all you need to know is that if his ult flew over your head, you have a debuff that won't let you heal any HP. No lifesteal, no fountain regen, no Tranquil Boots, no Urn of Shadows, no PYOORIFICAYSHUN. Just you sitting and praying you don't drop below the shattering threshold.

The exceptions to this rule are: Sunder, Decay, Time Lapse, and returning from a Morph.