Anti-Mage Tips 

Blink into the trees! If you're getting ganked, always assume that there is someone behind you, waiting for you to blink back into the lane/jungle to retreat. You have a stupid low cooldown on blink. Blink into the trees, watch four heroes suddenly materialize from the fog struggling to find you, then quietly blink along the treeline until you're sure you're safe.

Left click on an enemy hero to check their mana pool before Mana Voiding them. You may even be able to get a kill without doing any right clicking if you show up at the right time.

Mana Void comes with a free ministun that penetrates spell immunity. Don't keep slicing at people if you see them channeling something, just cancel it.

Even if the primary target is spell immune, Mana Void area damage still works. If Storm Spirit burns himself dry and then BKBs to walk out, he's still a good target if he walks near his team.

While it's often tempting to spend Mana Void as a baller finishing move on a pick-off target, know that it's really not meant to be used like Culling Blade. The AoE damage can be significant when used on a dried out target with a large mana pool and you never know if you may need the stun later in a fight.

That said, it's okay for you to steal kills with Mana Void in the early/mid game. You do more with the gold than anyone else at that stage. The typical Anti-Mage teamfight contribution is a two way street.

There are various situations in which BKB, Linken's, or Agh's are the best choice. Against Legion Commander (Duel reflect) or Nyx Assassin (Mana Burn reflected into Carapace stun), you should avoid Agh's.

If an ally places Linken's on you in addition to you having an Agh's, AM's Spell Shield will reflect first and Linken's will only proc once Spell Shield is on cooldown.

The bonus damage from the passive Quell of Quelling Blade stacks with Battle Fury.

Diffusal Blade Mana Break does not stack with Anti-Mage's Mana Break. All other on-hit effects work, though.

An excellent hero to practice learning Tread switching on. Get in the rhythm of always tapping your Treads to INT before Blinking and then immediately turning them back to AGI. You'd be surprised at how much mana you save.

The "Blink Uncontrollable Illusion" talent will create an illusion that will aggro the nearest available enemy target. When pushing a tower, consider blinking in place to create a bonus illusion that'll help tank and attack a tower.

Shadow Demon is a notable counter against AM since the illusions created by Disruption will mana burn him.

Try not to stack disables when ganking AM. Stuns and silences are invaluable when you're trying to kill him, but you need to stagger them appropriately otherwise he'll blink out.

The best players will not only stagger disables, but wait for the middle of AM's 0.4s cast animation on Blink to disable him. Spells with multiple stun instances like Cold Snap or Battery Assault can make that timing a bit easier.

A Ghost Scepter can save your life if you're a support and the fun is over.

The Spell Shield passive can be broken by Silver Edge and other sources of Break. This includes the spell reflecting component of AM's Agh's upgraded Spell Shield.

If you hit Anti-Mage with an Agh's upgradeable spell when he has Spell Shield on, the reflected spell will be upgraded automatically. For example, if you're a Tinker and you hit AM with Laser, he'll reflect a bouncing Laser.