Axe Tips 

Enemies will follow you around when taunted in Berserker's Call. If you value positioning more than damage, you can walk or Force Staff after a Call to shepherd taunted enemies in your direction.

Berserker's Call goes through spell immunity. If you see a BKB'd Shadow Fiend having an epileptic fit while he's casting his ult, walk up and Q him.

Just because you don't catch anyone in Berserker's Call doesn't mean the spell was a bust. You get massive armor during its duration which can easily make the difference between life and death early game.

Berserker's Call is a handy way to interrupt an enemy's invisibility. If an enemy Clinkz just ran away with 10 HP, try Blinking into where you think he'll be and cast Call. If you're right, they'll be forced to attack you and lose their invis.

Remember that you can draw aggro from creeps on demand by right clicking enemy heroes. Even if the enemy hero is across the map, right clicking them will draw creep aggro. Don't waste mana on Call if you don't have to.

Battle Hunger is a great spell for disabling Blink Daggers, especially when breaking high ground.

Battle Hunger gives Axe a stacking movespeed bonus for every enemy unit affected. This includes creeps and neutrals, so cast it on anything in range if you have mana to burn when you're chasing or escaping.

When jungling a camp with Satyrs, draw aggro back a bit so that the tiny ranged Satyrs aren't getting hit by Counter Helix. They give you extra chances to Helix at the cost of practically no damage, but they'll usually die first if you keep them in Helix range.

You can Cull any enemy unit, including creeps. While this is usually irrelevant, it can be worth Culling a creep to get the AoE movement speed buff to catch up to or escape from an enemy.

You can instagib flying or walking couriers at any level of Culling Blade since couriers are always below the HP threshold.

Leave your Tranquil Boots on the ground or in your backpack while jungling and then pick them up once you finish a camp to immediately get the regen without waiting for the damage cooldown. Just be sure there aren't any stealth heroes around to steal them.

Axe has one of the highest base HP regen stats in the game. This makes creep cutting a very effective strategy during the laning phase if the enemy team doesn't have any heroes who can deal with you from a distance.

Battle Hunger can be taken off by denies. If your lane mate is being a hungry hungry hippo with last hits, focus your energy on landing a deny.

When trying to help an ally who is about to die to Axe in lane, don't toss a few measly auto attacks if Axe isn't close to death himself. Axe will gladly trade some damage if it means he gets a few more chances to Helix.

Culling Blade can kill through Dazzle's Shallow Grave and Oracle's False Promise. It can also kill Rosh. Culling Blade don't care.

Eulsing an initiating Axe can help save your allies from being repositioned from Berserker's Call or killing themselves on his Blade Mail.

If you do manage to steal Axe's Boots (or any hero's item in general), you should store them somewhere safe on your side of the map instead of destroying them. A destroyed item won't count towards an enemy's net worth, so you can get more gold per kill if you keep an item alive as a trophy.