Bane Tips 

Enfeeble is outrageous early game. It's tempting to spend a majority of your mana constantly Brain Sapping, but it can be more useful to completely stop your lane enemy from getting a single last hit rather than forcing them to use and buy regen.

Enfeeble cannot be dispelled. You can use it to track heroes who use illusions or place it on someone before they activate BKB and still have the damage debuff persist.

Enfeeble damage stacks when cast on multiple targets with the "Enfeeble Steals Damage" talent.

Bane can attack Nightmared units without waking them.

No one seems to know how Nightmare works, so let me learn you something. For the first second of the Nightmare the unit is completely invulnerable, similar to Naga sleep. If anyone besides Bane right clicks this hero after the first second, the Nightmare will be transferred to them. However, if any damaging spell is used on the hero, they'll instantly wake up, take the damage, and the Nightmare will not be transferred.

You can use that first second of complete immunity on Nightmare to protect yourself or an ally from taking any damage.

You dispel all active Nightmares when using the Nightmare End skill, including reflected Lotus Nightmares or Rubick Nightmares.

Like all other heroes with channeled ults, you can cast Shadow Amulet/Shadow Blade/Glimmer Cape to go invis during the channel.

Fiend's Grip provides true sight on the target for the full duration of the channel.

TAKE THE NIGHTMARE OFF YOUR ALLIES. If they're Nightmared out of position, take it off them and slowly migrate the Nightmare to safer territory. To transfer a Nightmare, attempt to deny your Nightmare'd ally.

Use summons to take the Nightmare off allies or yourself when possible. Boars, wolves, Spiderlings, Treants, or illusions are all great sacrificial lambs to remove the Nightmare.

Fiend's Grip is no joke as a disable. Save stuns and silences to stop the channel on Bane's ult.

Or save strong dispels. Things like Aphotic Shield, Press the Attack, and False Promise can purge Bane's ult off your allies.

Rubick is a common counter to Bane since Fiend's Grip is a guaranteed steal, but Nightmare also has an interesting interaction with Rubick. If Bane and Rubick both have a Nightmare out, anyone who casts the Nightmare End sub-spell will end all active Nightmares.