Batrider Tips 

Don't just toss Napalms casually. Go out of your way to make sure you're keeping stacks up on the enemy hero. The difference between 2 stacks and 4 stacks can be the difference between suggesting the enemy eat a Tango or go back to the fountain.

Sticky Napalm gives flying vision around its cast point. Keep this in mind if Firefly is down and you need to check the Rosh pit, high grounds, or are trying to find a juking enemy.

You can click on an enemy hero to see how many Magic Stick/Wand charges they have. If they're sitting on 10, it's probably a bad idea to go for a kill.

Napalm is relevant all game long because turn speed is relevant all game long. Just because you're not laning anymore doesn't mean you should stop using the spell. It still gives vision, it still raises your damage, and enemies will still find it annoying as hell to turn in molasses.

Sticky Napalm has rules against proccing on most item DoTs from Batrider (no Radiance, Urn/Vessel, or Orb of Venom), but Meteor Hammer does benefit from Sticky Napalm damage.

Flamebreak gives neutral creeps phased movement. You can theoretically use this to create infinite stacks.

Pay attention to the buff icon timer for Firefly. When it ends you need to make sure you won't be stuck somewhere you don't want to be.

Don't feel obligated to drag someone as far as you can when you Flaming Lasso someone. If your team is nearby or you're 1v1ing, your time may be spent better trying to lay on additional Napalm stacks.

Or if you grabbed the enemy while they were facing away from the direction they'd like to escape, you may prefer spending the last second of Lasso placing one Napalm to slow them when they try to turn around.

Batrider has 1200 day vision, most heroes have 1800.

Enemies can see your Firefly trail even when you're under Smoke.

Buy a Magic Stick ASAP against this fool. You can get one from the side shop.

Once you get 3-4 stacks of Napalm on you in lane, back off and let the debuff time out. You can check how many stacks you have by looking at your current debuffs.

Don't hug the nearby tree-line when defending T2 towers. Batriders love hovering hidden over the trees that surround T2s to get easy Lassos.