Beastmaster Tips 

You can use your Axes to cut down the treeline next to you to improve your vision when laning.

The Wild Axes damage amp debuff lasts for 10 seconds and is refreshed every time a target gets hit by the Axes. Most of the time you won't have enough time to keep stacks up on a target, but the amp does work on Rosh.

The Boar does not draw aggro from lane creeps. This means that you can have the Boar spit at an enemy hero all day and they'll have to kill it themselves.

If you have a Blink Dagger and you're chasing someone, wait to summon your Boar until after you Blink.

The neutral creep summoned from a max level Call of the Wild can disable backdoor protection on tier 2 outer towers.

This guy is the king of counterwarding with the Hawk for vision and the Boar for ranged attacks. If you get sentry wards, gem, or if you really want to impress everyone, a Necro 3, prepare to rob the enemy team of all their vision with your mobile dewarding crew.

Try to aim Primal Roar like a Burrowstrike if possible. You'll only be able to stun your primary target, but any enemies caught in the line of fire will be disabled, slowed, and take damage.

That's right, units in the AoE are fully disabled during the knockback of the Roar, so you can break channels even if the enemy wasn't the primary target. Handy against Linken's carriers.

Additionally, Primal Roar's knockback is the only spell in the game that applies forced movement on enemies but doesn't break trees. With clever positioning, you can use this to trap enemies in trees.

Primal Roar can be used to stun couriers.

Take the time to kill the Hawk if you see it. Use a spell if you have to, the Hawk isn't spell immune. Half the reason this guy gets picked is because of the vision he gives his team.

If you don't see the Hawk and you're in the mood for some privacy, try casting spells that provide vision over the nearest patch of trees to potentially find it.

Take the time to kill the Boar in lane. Use spells on it if you have to. The Boar is what makes Beastmaster an incredibly strong laner and the cooldown is fairly long. Kill it as soon as he summons it and he'll be far less aggressive.