Bounty Hunter Tips 

Shuriken will bounce to Tracked targets even if the initial target isn't Tracked. Try hitting a non-Tracked unit first (like a creep) to reach a distant target.

Shadow Walk has a visible cast animation, even if you're invisible when you cast it. If your invis is about to run out and you're quietly following someone, run into the fog to recast it, otherwise the enemy hero will see a random dust cloud appear at your location.

Shadow Walk has a brief fade time at all levels. If you attack something during the fade time, you'll get the bonus damage without dispelling your invis.

Like all invis spells, you can cast Shadow Walk while you're channeling a TP.

Also like all invis spells, you can pick up, drop, or attack items without losing invis.

If you're prowling around an area that you think might be sentry warded, try intentionally forcing creep aggro while invis by right clicking a hero. This is a quick way to confirm if the enemy has true sight or not.

Another way to confirm is through heroes who go into 'attack stances' like Brew, Jugg, Abaddon, or listening to see if enemies say deny lines even though there is no one else in your lane. If these things happen for no good reason, they can see you.

Hover over the Track debuff icon on an enemy to see how much gold they have. It's also alt-clickable.

Many (bad) Bounty Hunters will blow Shuriken the second they start ganking you. If they do, just TP out now that he can't cancel your channel.

Manta, Lotus Orb, or Guardian Greaves can all purge Track. Slark's Dark Pact, Naga's Mirror Image, PL's Doppelganger can also purge Track. Allied targeted purges/dispels like Aphotic Shield, Press the Attack, and Fortune's End also work.

Pay attention to your buff icons when there's a BH on the enemy team. You can't see the giant flare when it's on you, but you can see the Tracked icon in your buffs.

Track gold adds up quickly and is what allows teams with softer carries than yours to wipe you out. Gondars LOVE trades because even though it seems like a 1:1 kill, it's more like a 1.5:1 gold kill.

Bounty is at his strongest in the mid game when teams are separated and still squishy, so take initiative with detection. As opposed to other invis heroes like Clinkz and Nyx, Bounty doesn't get any bonus move speed from his Shadow Walk, which makes him easy pickings if you Dust him or if he bumbles into a sentry warded area.