Bristleback Tips 

Goo's armor reduction works on Rosh. Combined with his good tanking ability, teams with Bristle can take Rosh fairly early.

If you're against heroes with global skills (AA, Invoker, Zeus), be sure to face in the inside of your fountain when healing to take advantage the Bristleback passive.

Bristleback damage reduction does not work against towers. Tower damage will still add up to your Quill Spray procs, though.

Ground targeting a TP allows you to continue facing in whichever direction you clicked the TP. If you want to travel back to base, but don't want to turn around because enemies are attacking your back, ground target your TP in front of you. You won't go back to the fountain, you'll just travel to the nearest structure from where you clicked.

Spam spells to keep Warpath stacks up when roaming around the map if you have the mana regen to support it.

If you have an Agh's, you can cast Goo without any targets to boost Warpath stacks.

Spam Quills in the fountain before TPing out to charge up Warpath stacks.

Quill Spray can damage couriers.

A highly effective hero to take advantage of stacked ancients with. With a few items you should be able to take ancients literally without even looking thanks to Quill Spray.

The passive Quill Spray procs from Bristleback come after reductions. There is no time limit on how long it takes for the damage threshold to proc a Spray.

Bristle is tied for the fastest turn rate in the game. If you're laning against a ranged hero with a slow projectile, you should absolutely take advantage of this by gracefully pirouetting before each right click projectile hits your hero.

Bristleback damage reduction is calculated based on his orientation to the hero who owns the source of damage he's taking. Summons deal damage based on their own position, not the hero who summoned them.

Magic Wand is core against this guy ALL GAME LONG. Unlike other heroes who stop spamming once the laning phase ends like Batrider or Zeus, Bristle needs to mash his spells for the whole game. No matter what role you're playing, you should always get a wand or a stick.

Quill Spray is physical damage, so if you get a Ghost Scepter this guy can't do anything except wipe his nose on you.

Quill Spray is not reduced by damage block, so building a Crimson Guard against Bristleback won't help you as much as you'd hope.

You can purge Goo stacks (Manta, Eul's, Lotus Orb, Guardian Greaves).

Bristle is all about whittling down your armor and barraging you with physical damage. Stacking armor helps mitigate his damage output.

You can Break the Bristleback passive which makes an item like Silver Edge fairly useful.