Broodmother Tips 

Always be checking your enemy's mana. If they've been blowing spells left and right to try to farm your Spiders, they're leaving themselves vulnerable for an easy kill.

You get new Spiderites on Spiderling denies. Heck, you don't even need to get the deny, just poke an allied creep (including your own spiders) with a Spiderling and have them die within 2 seconds with the Spawn Spiderite debuff. Boom, free Spiderites.

In lane, time your Spider harass with enemy last hits. They'll either stay still to get the last hit allowing your Spiders to get free harass or they'll run off and miss the last hit.

Spiders can also be used to block or stack camps. If you're farming in the lane send some Spiders to the nearby jungle camps that you know you're going to farm or stack them.

Spiders are also useful for cutting off creeps. Send a pile of Spiders behind an enemy tower to mess with the creep equilibrium by luring them into the jungle.

If you're freefarming your legs off, send some Spiders to patrol nearby areas to scout enemies trying to gank you.

Webs have a global cast range as long as the new one you're casting is touching an old one.

You can destroy specific Webs by selecting them and casting their Destroy Spin Web ability.

The "Cooldown Reduction" talent also reduces the time taken for Spin Web charges to replenish.

Shove yourself into the back corner of jungle camps when farming neutrals. This allows you the quickest escape to path yourself down a cliff or behind the trees if an enemy spots you and tries to smash you with a newspaper.

Broodmother illusions will have Incapacitating Bite.

You can crit off of the bonus damage from Insatiable Hunger.

Try to sneak up with your AoE spells. Broodmothers will immediately call their spiders off as soon as they see Lina float into their lane. Cast something like Illuminate from the fog, however, and you'll be making that paper.

Get a Stout Shield or two to negate a lot of Spiderling/ite damage. Even as a ranged hero it can be worth it.

Some heroes that Brood hates going up against: Axe (hard to kill in lane, makes life difficult when pushing with Blink+Call), Bristleback (Quill Spray farms your Spiders easily and he's hard to kill), Centaur Warrunner (Return makes him difficult to harass with Spiders), Dark Seer (Ion Shell is irritating to deal with and he has high armor), Legion Commander (Overwhelming Odds obliterates Brood's entire army from a mile away and she'll have a chance to proc Moment of Courage off every spider), Storm Spirit (has high natural armor and Remnant is cheap enough to spam against Spiders), Tidehunter (Anchor Smash is tough to deal with and he's crazy tanky), Timbersaw (difficult to kill with Reactive Armor, has tons of AoE to kill Spiders).

Not Earthshaker. No, I'm sorry, but Shaker is an awful counter to Brood unless the enemy Brood is awful, in which case you don't need to counterpick her. By the time Shaker is able to farm a Blink, you've probably already lost every tower worth defending. You'll note that all the counters I mentioned counter her in lane. Shaker does nothing against a Brood during the laning phase.