Chaos Knight Tips 

If you land a close range stun, it may be worth saving Rift to gap-close after the stun wears off if you don't need the armor debuff.

Reality Rift always puts you on the opposite side of the target after the cast. You can use this for convenient positioning when trying to body block an enemy.

Reality Rift grabs any illusions you own within a 1375 radius.

Reality Rift does not break enemy channels.

This is fairly common knowledge, but please turn on your Armlet before you Phantasm. Congratulations, you got super beefy illusions with no HP drain. This is also true pre-Manta or pre-Illusion rune for any hero.

You can use the split animation on Phantasm to disjoint projectiles, dispel your hero, and banish yourself for 0.5s.

If you're about to die, take a risk and send one of your illusions where you wanted to go while you sit still. Most people will assume you have garbage micro and continue pursuing whichever one is moving.

I don't often recommend starting items, but CK is an excellent Mango carrier.

Illusions do not benefit from Heart regen.

Reality Rift and Chaos Bolt have amusingly long cast times. If you're getting chased by CK, use tree fog liberally to juke his spells.

CK cannot Reality Rift when rooted.

Winter Wyvern can be an annoying hero for CK to deal with. Cold Embrace makes it nigh impossible for him to kill targets and Winter's Curse can turn his own Phantasm illusions against himself.

Enchantress is a notable CK counter since Untouchable makes her very difficult to kill early by CK alone and she can easily steal Phantasm illusions.

Lion is another notable CK counter since he can quickly burn off Phantasm illusions with Hex and Mana Drain.

Other heroes with spells that are strong against illusions include Legion Commander with Overwhelming Odds, OD with Arcane Orb, Medusa with Stone Gaze or Agh's Mystic Snake, Pugna with Agh's Life Drain, or Brewmaster's Storm Panda with Dispel Magic.

Ghost Scepter can buy you valuable seconds if CK Rifts you in to his illusion orgy without stunning you.

Any level of Dagon can instakill illusions.