Clockwerk Tips 

When using Battery Assault in lane, position yourself so that the enemy creeps won't absorb hits. Stand along the outer perimeter of an enemy hero, rather than bulldozing through the middle of the creep wave.

Avoid immediately right clicking the enemy hero and drawing creep aggro when you're going in with Battery Assault in lane.

If you have melee carries and you land a Hook+Cog, deny a Cog so that your teammate can get in to deal damage.

Using Cogs as an area denial tool is just as useful as locking someone in. Use it to prevent enemies from chasing you or use it during high ground tower defenses.

With quick timing, you can activate a Force Staff, cast Cogs, and then end up outside of the Cogs. This is useful when escaping and trying to create a gap between enemies since you won't have to waste time denying one of your Cogs to get out.

If you're offlaning, consider using Cogs to lock your lane creeps in at the beginning of the game so the waves meet closer to your tower.

Rocket Flares give vision on detonation, we all know that, but the vision provided during the Flare's flight is just as important. Make a decision whether you want vision of a small area for a long time or a large area for a short time. If you are policing the Rosh pit, detonate the Flare there. If you're trying to get information about where the enemies are during a lull, let it fly all over their jungle and explode somewhere useless. Ideally you can do both in one flare and get a double kill where it explodes, but that's not always going to happen.

You can Hookshot to allied units or neutrals or Rosh. Keep this in mind if Hook is off cooldown and you're getting ganked.

Hookshot stuns through spell immunity.

You can 'cancel' Hookshot from dragging Clockwerk with Force Staff or Eul's. If you self-cast the item after your Hookshot lands on a target, the target will take the full stun duration, but Clockwerk will stop flying once the item is self-cast.

Battery Assault can't hit invis units but Cogs can. So if you're playing Sand King and you think you're safe in your Sandstorm, be aware that the shock on Cogs can hit you.

Rattletrap: Professional Clarity Assassin. Try to keep Clarity/Salve usage on the down low, even if Clock's not in your lane. That dude will Flare you at the worst possible times.

Rocket Flare is a popular spell to get cross-map kills. If you're low on HP and Clock is far away, pause for a moment once you're in fog to try to evade a Flare.

Hookshots are fairly easy to juke if you know they're coming. If you're trying to escape and you just walked into a Flare, stand still for a moment or change your current path trajectory.

Pay attention to the Flare particles. If you're in the Rosh pit and you think you're safe because you haven't gotten hit, Clock may have Flared the area earlier. Flare vision lasts for 10 seconds.

Nature's Prophet casting Sprout on a target in Cogs will always shove everyone except the target out of the Cogs.