Crystal Maiden Tips 

Crystal Nova provides vision around the target radius for ~6 seconds. Useful to when trying to deward or scout the Rosh pit.

The vision radius is also waaaay bigger than the actual spell's damage radius (900 ground vision), so you can use it to scout across treelines, help get vision of an escaping enemy at night, cast it on high ground if an enemy is going up stairs, or keep track of enemy movement during a tier 3 push after your creep wave dies.

Frostbite lasts for 10 seconds on creeps and will do 100 DPS at all levels (WOW THAT'S LIKE 1000 DAMAGE). This allows you to grab some easy XP or ward money from a large neutral camp as one Frostbite+some auto attacks will usually be enough to kill the biggest creep in the camp. Just do your team a favor and try to finish the whole camp though. No one wants your leftovers.

Try to drag the big creep out of the camp before Frostbiting them. Not only does it make it easier to right click them, but you want to avoid the AoE of the smaller creeps' magic resistance auras.

If you're going Battle Maiden, one item of choice is Shadow Blade/Shadow Amulet/Glimmer Cape since you can cast the invis while you're channeling your ult.

A good Freezing Field can often make or break a team fight. You don't have to blow the spell as soon as the fight breaks out (unless you want to force the enemy to use their disables on a support). Casting your ultimate when the enemy has forgotten about you and once disables are on cooldown could be the key to success.

Don't underestimate her early game damage. If you don't have any stuns/silences, her ult will destroy you in a 1v1 support cage match.

Frostbite will disable most movement spells (and obviously Blink Dagger). If you're an AM or QoP and CM is sauntering towards you, you can be sure that she has backup.

In matches against CM, you'll often find yourself wondering, "How does X have so much mana!?" CM is why they have so much mana. So don't assume that just because AA has Chilled his Touch 3 times at level 2 that he's going to stop any time soon.