Dark Seer Tips 

Vacuum destroys trees in a small AoE. Use this against enemies who like Blinking/hiding in the trees.

If the enemy has spells that can quickly kill your creeps, cast Ion Shell on their creeps instead. Place one on the enemy melee creep tanking the least aggro from your creeps to get the most damage.

For some reason you can cast Ion Shell on enemy heroes. The main use for this would be casting it on enemy melee heroes during tower defenses They'll either kill their whole creep wave or they'll have to back off attacking the tower.

Don't put Ion Shells on frontline creeps. You want to put it on the 2nd/3rd creep in the wave whenever you're pushing or farming. The first creep in the wave is going to take the most damage from the enemy wave and will die first.

Ion Shelling invisible allies is hilarious. The damage isn't large enough to show a huge white bar of missing HP building up on an unsuspecting enemy and the purple lines emitting from the shell don't even appear.

75% of the time, your allies will benefit from a Surge more than you can. Don't be a scrooge. Surge and Shell that Radiance+Scorched Earth Doom and watch him turn into a hasted Epicenter. Help Crystal Maiden put that ward down without being molested for once. Let Batrider take someone halfway across the map in three seconds.

A Wall of Replica across the top of the stairs on a tier 3 tower can instantly discourage a push. I know it feels bad that you won't be able to make copies if the enemy decide to not push, but if you know that you're not going to get good positioning or a good Vacuum, it can be worth it.

Micro the illusions generated by Wall of Replica. I don't know what their default command is when they're created, but I'm guessing it's something along the lines of: "Attack useless things." As soon as you score a good Vacuum+Wall, order all the units to attack the highest priority target on the enemy team or get them to bully a support out of a fight.

Wall of Replica illusions carry auras just like all other illusions. Sometimes a support hero on the enemy team is more valuable for their aura rather than trying to get a Replica of the enemy carry.

If Seer is solo versus two of you, the support should just sit on his side of the lane very early on. The more you can zone him out early, the better since once he gets a few levels into Ion Shell you won't be able to trade hits with him. Wait for him to Shell a creep, then immediately pop out and start poking his pointy butt.

Ion Shell is purgeable, making Oracle with Fortune's End a strong lane counter to DS.

When trying to kill Seer, try to save stuns and disables for AFTER he casts Surge.

You can purge Surge. This includes purges from Cyclones (Eul's or Invoker's).

It's not worth farming the Wall illusions after you win a fight. They're +5 gold/xp flat, stop trying to be cute you're just wasting time.

If you're a carry, pay attention to when an illusion is made of you. While you're critting their team for buckets o' damage, your Bizarro counterpart is doing the same to your supports. Do your team a favor and kill your illusion before it zones them out.

If you have a Radiance, consider toggling it off if you anticipate enemy initiation for a team fight. After you pass through DS's Wall, you can turn it back on.