Doom Tips 

Learn the abilities and auras of neutral creeps and figure out which ones best match your playstyle. Get a Hill Troll Priest from an easy camp early game for the mana aura, Centaur from a medium camp mid game for the Stomp, and an Alpha Wolf from a medium camp late game for the crits and aura. If you're jungling, try to get the big red Satyr for the HP regen or the blue Ogre for the Ice Armor.

The net on the Dark Troll Summoner goes through spell immunity.

The ranged Satyr's purge can target and dispel allies.

The Tornado from the Wildwing Ripper does not draw aggro when used on neutral creeps, allowing you to damage an entire stack or kill ancients without them moving around constantly.

If enemies are picking up Linken's, find a neutral spell that is targeted to pop them before casting Doom. The longest range targeted neutral spell is the Harpy's Chain Lightning (900 range), and the Mud Golem's Hurl Boulder is a close second (800 range).

You can Devour creeps that are Glyphed.

The Scorched Earth heal and movespeed bonuses also apply to units under your control that are in the AoE.

DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM mutes usage of items. Besides stopping someone from TPing, it's also useful against Mek or Pipe carriers.

Pay attention to what creep ability Doom has by clicking on him. Don't get surprised when his team rushes out of nowhere because he has the Kobold aura or if he breaks your channel because he took a Centaur Stomp.

Linken's Sphere is the textbook anti-Doom item. Lotus Orb is also good for offensive situations.

Spirit Vessel can significantly reduce the regen he gets from Scorched Earth.

Please deny your allies when they're Doomed. I'm not walking near you because I want to tell my wife I love her, I need you to kill me.

However, you ideally want to click on your ally and track how much time is left on the Doom debuff icon because deny range != dead range.

DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM mutes items, including that Magic Wand that I know you want to use so badly because it should be enough to just barely sav... you're dead.

If you get Doomed with an a Armlet toggled on you can backpack it to stop the drain.