Earth Spirit Tips 

You can Boulder Smash allies out of Chronosphere if they're reachable on the edge.

If an enemy is standing on you trying to block your Rolling Boulder escape, use Boulder Smash to boot the enemy away first and then roll away.

You can drop a Remnant while you're revving up in Rolling Boulder.

You can double tap the Remnant hotkey to automatically drop one in front of yourself.

You can use items while Rolling (except Blink). This is mainly useful for TPs, Shiva's, Sheepstick/Orchid, Eul's, and wards. If you use a Force Staff while it's revving up, you'll get the Force and continue rolling. If you use Force while rolling, you'll get the Force but the Boulder will break apart.

You can pick up runes while Rolling.

You can use/target spells while you're in your Boulder. This means that you can Smash an ally while you're rolling into them or do a drive-by Gripping.

When you hit an enemy hero with Rolling Boulder you'll always appear behind them and at the same angle from which you approached them. You can target your Smash on them while Rolling and you'll immediately kick them back along the path you came.

Rolling Boulder destroys trees along the path that you roll.

Neither Smash nor Grip can interrupt ally or enemy channels when directly targeted on the hero.

Reduce, reuse, recycle. Use the same Remnant you just Gripped to Roll into. Smash a Remnant into an enemy then spam Grip to catch it while it's still moving.

The disadvantage of recycling is that you end up stacking your total disables on top of each other (some of the silence duration is wasted because the enemy is stunned anyway). If you have Remnants to burn, stagger your spells.

The trickiest part about using Magnetize effectively is getting it started. The initial Magnetize radius is a tiny AoE around Earth Spirit himself. But once you get it cracking on one unit, then the good times can start to roll. Use Force Staff or Boulder Smash to manipulate the Magnetized unit's position to get closer to other heroes, then cast a Remnant near it.

The trigger radius on a Remnant from a magnetized unit is larger than the activation/refresh radius to Magnetize new enemies, so place fresh Remnants closer to un-Magnetized enemies.

The Magnetize DoT lasts for 6 seconds on an enemy. Space out re-Magnetizations to squeeze out the most damage.

If any one Magnetized target gets silenced from Grip or slowed by Roll, all other Magnetized targets will receive the same debuff.

Rolling into an Enchant Remnant (Agh's skill) will immediately take the hero out of Remnant form.

Kaolin Showdown isn't invulnerable inside the Rolling Boulder. He's fully targeted and can be stunned and damaged as per usual.

When ganking an Earth Spirit, stand in front of his Rolling Boulder and make him hit you to prevent him from rolling out of the situation.

Earth Spirit cannot cast Rolling Boulder when rooted.

Earth Spirit needs a lot of time to recharge Remnants after a team fight. Keep high aggression when playing against an Earth Spirit.

Magnetize deals some substantial amounts of hurt. Don't stand next to your team if you're Magnetized and they're not.

Magnetize can be dispelled.