Faceless Void Tips 

You're invulnerable when using Time Walk. While not always practical, you can use this to run head first into projectiles like Wraith King's Wraithfire Blast to evade the stun or break through Puck's Dream Coil.

Tread switching is especially important to utilize on Void. Time Walk restores flat HP, so you stand to benefit a lot by switching to INT Treads for the mana and going back to STR after rewinding damage.

Time Dilation makes Void a very annoying counter for heroes with low cooldown spells like, Timbersaw, Bristleback, Invoker, Tinker, Lina, Puck, Zeus, Kunkka, Weaver, Legion Commander, Queen of Pain, Storm Spirit, Phantom Assassin, and Slark (as long as he doesn't Dark Pact the debuff off first).

Chronosphere reveals invisible units. If an enemy decided to stop fighting you and Shadow Bladed out, cast a Chrono along the path and laugh maniacally when you discover them without any sort of detection.

Donkeys in the Dota universe have a stronger grip on space and time than most heroes. Chronosphere will not freeze the enemy courier.

Any units owned by you can move around in a Chronosphere. This makes Necrobook or Manta Void viable builds for more deeps in your Chrono.

AA's Ice Blast can prevent Void from regaining HP through Time Walk.

Spirit Vessel reduces the HP Void will gain in Time Walk.

Void cannot Time Walk when rooted.

The Time Dilation debuff can be purged/dispelled.

Eul's is one of the cheapest counters to Chronosphere. Voids rarely go BKB so as long as you're not caught in a Chrono, you should be able to waste a good 2.5s of Chrono time by Cycloning him. Plus, you use it to purge off Time Dilation.

Void can freely walk through any Chronosphere. Keep this in mind if you're playing Rubick or trying to be tricky in Ability Draft.

This means that enemy Void illusions created by Wall of Replica or Disruption can also move around in Chronosphere.

Ward units, like Witch Doctor's Death Ward or Shadow Shaman's Mass Serpent Wards, are frozen when inside the Chronosphere. Weaver Swarm bugs will also instantly fall off and Gyro's Homing Missile will explode when it touches the Chronosphere.

Zeus's Nimbus is the one exception since it works normally against Chrono. I guess it... floats over the Chrono or something.