Io Tips 

This is as much of a guide to playing with Io as it is actually playing Io. It's nearly impossible to Wisp properly if your teammates have no idea how the hero works. Actually, just teammate singular. Io only really needs one competent core-playing teammate to be effective.

If you're laning with Io, give all your regen to him. Every time I'm Wisping and a lane mate uses a Salve, Clarity, or Bottle on themselves, I weep a beepy weep.

Don't forget that Ring of Health, Void Stone, and Perseverance are shareable if you're laning with an Io. Sage's Mask and Ring of Regen are also shareable… but… c'mon now, how tryhard are you?

You can buy a Void Stone in the side shop and return it in 10 seconds for the full price. This generally isn't a good idea, though, because all the gold used to purchase the item turns unreliable when you sell it back.

You can buy a Bottle from the secret shop.

Remember that your Tether target only regens as much as you're regening. If you're at max HP and you're munching on a Tango, your linked hero is getting nothing. Tank some creep aggro or briefly toggle Overcharge to make sure you're never at max HP or mana when regening while linked.

This also applies to regening in the fountain. When you TP to a lane and you want to heal someone with the leftover fountain aura, keep Overcharge toggled on or don't regen all of your HP/mana when TPing out.

Tether can be cast on any allied unit within 1800 range. If Io is over 700 units away from a Tether target, it'll move in until it's 300 units away from the target. The reason this is important is that when you see an allied Io trying to escape and they can't find any allied creeps to link, get close to them, but not too close. Once Io has you Tethered, start moving away (but don't do something stupid like Blink, because that'll break the Tether).

You can channel a TP while flying to a Tether target.

When traveling to a linked target, Io breaks trees in a 350 radius around where it lands. Use this to create easier jungle paths or to break trees for sight.

When trying to place the Tether slow on an enemy, cooperate with your Io. If you're standing around attacking in place, Io has to compromise a lot of positioning to pass the Tether through the enemy. Move together and then Io can retreat.

Tether+Overcharge can be used on non-hero units. Amusing targets include the Spirit Bear, Warlock's Golem, Beastmaster's Boar, Necrobook creeps, and siege creeps.

Don't outrun Io during a Tether. The hero has a slow base MS and Tether provides a % MS increase when linked. This is why Drum is good on teammates like Tiny, as opposed to Yasha first, since Drum provides an aura that Io can also benefit from to keep up.

Avoid activating a BKB if Io isn't linked to you yet. Io can stay Tethered to an ally who goes spell immune, but can't target Tether on a spell immune ally.

Spirits last for 19s at all levels and the cooldown is 14s when maxed. You want to load up 5 Spirits at least 10 seconds before Relocating so that you can cast them again mid-gank.

Every active Spirit will explode when the spell is re-cast. This can be a ton of burst damage in the AoE around your hero if all the Spirits are orbiting at the minimum distance.

Activate Spirits in the fountain before TPing out. They last forever, so it's basically a free cast.

The Spirits In/Out commands are toggles, like Morph STR/AGI. This means that if you want to lock the Spirits in a specific location, just untoggle. There's no need for this DFDFDFDF spam.

You can toggle Spirits In/Out while channeling a TP.

Tether and Spirits can hit invisible heroes.

You can toggle Overcharge while TPing.

While scouring the map/minimap for a destination to Relocate to, right click your Tethered ally. This'll make Io follow the hero around so you don't encounter the awkward, "Alright this guy? Okay we're Reloc--WAIT WHAT THE HELL WHERE ARE YOU? WHY DID YOU GO TO FARM ANCIENTS? I SAID WE WERE RELOOHHHH NNNNNOOOOO."

Tether automatically refreshes its duration when casting Relocate. This is very important and yet highly nonsensical because you would have no idea the spell works like this unless someone tells you. The benefit of this is that you ideally want to cast Relocate when your Tether is about to run out. This way, you have a full 12 seconds of Tethery goodness post-Relocate, but you can break the Tether if necessary and have another one ready in the chamber at any time since the cooldown will be ready.

It's difficult to pull off, but if you begin channeling a TP on the exact tick 3 seconds before Relocate brings you back, you can complete the TP without the Relocate's return breaking it.

Pay attention to the timer on Relocate and ask your teammate for consent before taking them back.

You can double-tap Relocate to automatically target to the fountain.

Bane's Nightmare, Shadow Demon's Disruption, OD's Astral Imprisonment, Wyvern's Cold Embrace, and self-Eul's on Io can prevent Relocate from going off after being cast. I guess you could use this for some sick BKB baiting in the late game. Or maybe checking the Rosh pit without going into it.

Shadow Amulet's invisibility won't break when returning back from a Relocate. You don't need to do anything fancy like try to time the return during the fade time, you just need to make sure you hit the Stop key at some point while invisible otherwise Io will start auto attacking the nearest enemy upon returning. Since Glimmer Cape is a pretty good item on Io, this is an interaction worth mentioning.

The "Attack Tethered Ally's Target" talent will make Io attack any unit that gets hit with whatever is considered a 'right click' from the ally. This means Io will attack all enemies hit by Medusa's Split Shot, Gyro's Flak Cannon, Pangolier's Swashbuckle, and all other targets of instant attacks.

Tethering heroes is unnatural I tell you hwat. Many people suggest killing Io first in engagements and that's all well and good, but a good Io will bait you into awful positions when attempting to kill the medic. The next best thing is forcing Io to separate from his ally and break the Tether. Remember that two different people are playing these heroes and they're not Aui and Universe, so force them to separate. Chances are Io just used Tether right before the fight started, so he has another 12s until he can link an ally again.

Stuns won't stop Io from getting sucked in towards a Tethered target, however spells that apply forced movement (Gust, Deafening Blast, Blinding Light, Adaptive Strike, Flamebreak, Force Staff, etc.) can stop Io. Except for Power Cogs. For some reason Io can fly through Power Cogs completely unaffected. Classic Dota.

Wisp Spirits don't provide vision as they circle, but they will provide vision if they explode on a hero.

Keep a close eye on your minimap when playing against an Io. If Relocate is cast, you'll see a bright red TP icon on your minimap on the destination.

Just look at the clock, man. I see so many players try to freestyle Relocation return punishes. Do you have a Rosh timer method? Press that as soon as you see the red TP circle effect disappear. Then you have 12 seconds to pull out your solar powered calculator, turn on a light, grab a drink, and do the math.

Stunning/ensnaring/banishing/hexing/cycloning (basically everything except slowing and silencing) Io during the pre-cast of Relocate will prevent Relocate from going off. This is one of the main reasons why Wisps always Tether their ally at the last possible moment when trying to Relocate evacuate them from a fight. If you're focusing an enemy and you see Wisp eyeballing your target, try to save a disable to intercept the Relocate.

Remember that Io gets a small radius of flying vision around a Relocate destination, so if you drop a Chronosphere or something in advance, Io may just break the Tether and travel alone.

Spells that take advantage of enemies in close quarters can be effective against Relocates like Ice Path, Winter's Curse, Paralyzing Cask, or Chain Frost.

Urn and Spirit Vessel are invaluable against Io lineups. Urn can be placed on Io to break any consumable regen like Bottle or a self-Urn the hero may be using to heal a Tether target. Spirit Vessel can be placed directly on the Tether target to reduce the amount of HP received from Io.