Jakiro Tips 

Since Ice Path has a lot of 'active time,' you can use it to pre-emptively disable enemies. This is good against things like Puck's Phase Shift, Io's Relocate, heroes who are Tornado'd, or heroes who are TPing in who like to immediately Blink after.

Ice Path gives vision. Use it to scout high ground or the Rosh pit.

If you're getting chased by a melee enemy, just cast Ice Path in front of yourself and walk through it. Jakiro's turn speed is terrible and an enemy can very easily dodge it if you cast it behind yourself when they're so close to you.

Liquid Fire slows down tower attack speeds and is what makes Jakiro a great pusher. Pay attention to when it's off cool down and use it accordingly. This also makes Jakiro a good buddy to have during tower dives and solo Rosh attempts.

Try to save Liquid Fire exclusively for the enemy hero in lane. Since it has an AoE, it can very quickly change the lane equilibrium if you cast it on creeps.

You almost never want to keep Liquid Fire on autocast. When manually casted, you have 600 'cast range,' but when on autocast, it uses Jakiro's default 400 attack range. Why? Hell if I know. This game sometimes, I swear.

Also, manually casting Liquid Fire will not draw aggro from creeps.

No one likes fighting in a Macropyre. So if you don't want to fight, throw out a Macropyre. You can use it preemptively on your high ground if your teammates are dead to kill off the creep wave. It's not a big enough ult that it matters if you blow it, but it's annoying enough to discourage engagements.

Ice Path has a long cast animation, but insane range. If you're running away from a gank, keep your camera on Jakiro to see if/when/where he is casting an Ice Path. The margin for error for him increases dramatically the further you get, but the stun will stay the same if you're caught in it.

Jakiro slows attack speed like crazy. With a level 1 Liquid Fire and a level 1 Dual Breath, you're at almost -50 attack speed for 5 seconds. Beware if you like to play aggressive and you're a right clicker.

When Liquid Fire is off cooldown, the fire head starts glowing with dripping fire and Jakiro will use the fire head for all attacks until Liquid Fire is used.

Don't stand next to your tower when farming under the tower. It's scientifically proven that Jakiro players get highly aroused if a single Liquid Fire attack lands on both a hero and a tower.