Lifestealer Tips 

If you're TPing back to base and you have at least 150 mana (75 for Rage, 75 for the TP) there are very few situations in which you shouldn't use Rage first before TPing.

Avoid initiating team fights with Open Wounds. This skill is your free Satanic. When you're about to die, crack Pudge open like a coconut and drink his blood. The slow is useful in 1v1 or gank situations, but the massive lifesteal is invaluable in team fights.

Midasing a creep that has Open Wounds on it will heal you.

Controlling a creep while Infested won't break the creep's cover. This means that the creep you infest won't change its HP bar in the eyes of the enemy. However, they can still right click your creep like an enemy if they know.

You only gain HP from Consuming neutral or enemy creeps, not allied creeps. However, if you Control an allied creep before Consuming them, you will get HP. The trade off is that it'll kill your creep. Heartbreaker.

You can Infest ancients at the 2nd level of Infest.

Controlling a neutral or lane creep and walking it over to an attackable tier 2 tower will briefly disable its backdoor protection.

You can toggle your Armlet while TPing.

OH MASTA, LOOK AT ALL THESE SUPPORTS KITING ME. Ghost Scepter, Force Staff, Blink Dagger and Shiva's Guard are all great pickups against a Naix. As is a TP scroll if he hasn't gotten a Basher yet.

If you have a lot of HP, stay away from him. Lifestealer likes killing people, but he also like stealing life. He'll gladly get kited by Luna if it means that he can paw at the nearby Centaur Warrunner a few times to get up to half HP.

You want to strongly avoid building a Heart against a Naix for the same reason. Feast will deal more damage to you and heal him more if you have a lot of HP.

It's okay to stack stuns on Naix, mainly because Rage has no cast time. If you're bad at timing, he'll probably be able to get out of most situations unless you're secretly a bot.

When an ally creep starts walking around weirdly, you can be sure Naix is controlling its mind. The health bar may still look green to you, but you can attack the creep and kill it.

Every initiator becomes twice as fearsome when Naix is on the enemy team. Storm Spirit, Clockwerk, Batrider, Wisp, Nature's Prophet, etc, are all Mk. IV Naix Bombers. Even other units like the Spirit Bear, Beastmaster Hawk, Brood Spiders, Lycan Wolves, etc, all become things to fear.