Lion Tips 

Be aware of the advantages of ground targeting Earth Spike. The cast range is about 300 units shorter than the actual range of the stun. Ground targeting also makes it possible to thread the needle between heroes, allowing you to potentially land the stun on multiple targets.

That being said, stop ground targeting Earth Spike when you don't have to. Icefrog's such a nice guy, he gives you a mostly guaranteed targeting system for free. There is a special circle in hell for Lions who skillshot and whiff Earth Spike on solo targets in targetable cast range.

If you a feel a team fight coming on, keep casting and canceling Hex on their initiator. Hexes have 0 cast time and the second your target comes into range (like with a Blink Dagger), the spell will get cast. If you're worried about Magnus RPing your team, group up all juicy-like, bait his Blink, then Frogitize him, Cap'n.

Hex and Mana Drain are simple spells that quickly kill Illusions. Early game this isn't really relevant, but when Naga or Chaos Knight start getting fat, this can be useful.

Hex cannot be purged even by strong dispels.

Common knowledge, but you can Mana Drain enemy ranged creeps and many jungle creeps.

Time your Mana Drains on enemy heroes in lane with last hits. If one of your creeps is about to die, start Draining. Either they go for the last hit and lose a bunch of mana, or immediately back off and lose the last hit.

Mana Drain is a cheap and long range way to break Linken's Sphere.

At level 6, Finger of Death deals ~450 damage to a hero with normal magic resistance and no additional magic resistance items/auras. A level 3 Earth Spike+Finger of Death+one auto attack deals around ~620 damage. Click on the enemy hero and do the maths to see if you can kill them with your combo.

Always be afraid of this guy. He can kill you with relative ease and makes disabling you seem such a breeze. If you see him suddenly start walking towards you, he's probably gearing up to Finger you or he's setting up for a gank.

Mana Drain breaks if you go into fog. If he's draining you in lane, you may be able to stop the Drain quicker by going into tree fog rather than running out of the break distance.

There is an extremely brief (0.25s) moment after Finger of Death connects before the damage is actually dealt. You can dodge the damage with banishes from spells or from something like Manta Style if your timing is impeccable.