Lone Druid Tips 

You have higher movespeed and healing items are more effective when you're in Druid form as opposed to True Form.

Don't be afraid of letting your Spirit Bear wander away from you. Use it to draw aggro from an incoming creep wave, stack jungle camps/ancients while you're freefarming, go shopping for you, go back to the fountain to heal, burn down a creep wave or enemy jungle camp from across the map with Radiance, give a good position for Tinker to TP into, play checkers with Death Prophet, or just scout for you.

If your Spirit Bear just died and you're on the losing end of a team fight, don't just cast it again in the hopes that you can turn the fight around. Save it for when you respawn.

You and your team can deny the Spirit Bear to avoid giving its bounty to the enemy. You won't take any Backlash damage if you do.

Hold on to your skill point for your level 4 Spirit Bear until you get into a skirmish. Entangle has a 5s cooldown and lasts for 3s on a hero. When you skill up the Bear its cooldowns are refreshed, making it possible to potentially double-Entangle your target.

Leveling up the Bear also resets its Return damage cooldown timer, allowing you to blink it back or immediately resummon it when you level it up.

Leveling up the Bear also resets Savage Roar's cooldown timer. You can effectively cast Roar for free on the Bear before you level it up because the Bear also gets full mana when leveled up.

Whenever you Return the Bear, it always appears on the top-right of your hero, regardless of what direction you're facing.

You can use the Return on the Bear to disjoint things like projectile spells or auto-attacks or tower shots.

The Spirit Bear can use every rune except for Illusion runes. If it gets a Bounty rune, you'll get the gold, but not the experience.

Savage Roar gives you a guaranteed channel breaker. If someone's TPing in front of you, don't pray for an Entangle, just cast Savage Roar to cancel it.

Savage Roar won't move heroes who are Entangled, so you can cast it upon Rooting someone to prevent them from casting any spells or using any items while rooted.

Entangling Claws's proc chance utilizes pseudo-random distribution (PRD). Statistically, about one in every five right clicks should be a Root with 20%, but PRD encourages a lower likelihood of 'streaks.' If your Bear goes five attacks with no Root, chances are now much higher that the Bear's next attack will Root thanks to PRD. Try to exploit this by priming right clicks on jungle or lane creeps before going for a kill attempt.

At max level, Savage Roar lasts for 2.4s. A TP to the fountain takes 3s to complete. Keep this in mind when escaping a gank.

The Savage Roar cast is separate for both you and your Bear, even though the cooldown is shared. If you're getting stunned/silenced, you can bring your Bear near you and have it cast Savage Roar to get enemies off.

Savage Roar prevents the enemy from doing anything during its duration. This includes activating a BKB, casting Borrowed Time, or Agh's Ursa using Enrage.

The Spirit Bear can use TP scrolls/BoTs. After you get a Radiance or Agh's, it may be worth keeping a TP on the Bear.

The Spirit Bear can consume a Moon Shard.

If you see that the Spirit Bear suddenly has full HP in lane, it's a great time to kill Sylla since he probably just spawned a fresh one. If you manage to get him Bearless in lane, you just murdered his early game. If you manage to get him Bearless before a push, you get a tower for free.

Killing the Spirit Bear will net you a pretty hefty gold and experience bounty. If you know the Druid is definitely going to die, try killing the Bear first before finishing off the hero.

The easiest way to kill the Spirit Bear in the mid/late game is with minus armor. Medallion/Solar, Deso, and AC are all good items against Lone Druid.

Bane's Enfeeble works on the the Spirit Bear.

Unlike nearly every unit in the game, Juggernaut's right clicks during Blade Fury actually do deal damage to the Spirit Bear.

The Bear's Return follows the same rules as Blink Dagger.

Bully the Bear in the first few minutes of the laning phase. The Spirit Bear gets more HP, armor, MS, and eventually magic resistance the more Druid levels. Don't worry about harassing the hero, just try to whittle down the Bear.

Lifestealer is surprisingly effective at laning against Lone Druid since Feast lifesteals and damages a ton on the Spirit Bear.

If Lone Druid is pushing your tower, try to save the Glyph for when he triggers Battle Cry. The cooldown is quite lengthy for him.

Savage Roar is difficult to deal with as a melee hero, so try to bait it to avoid it. If Druid or the Bear are stunned, chances are he'll be mashing Roar, so back off right before the stun ends and you might be able to dodge the AoE.