Monkey King Tips 

Boundless Strike's 'right click' works normally even if Monkey King is disarmed and can never miss.

Spell immune targets ignore all aspects of Boundless Strike.

All on-hit effects can proc from Boundless Strike except for cleave. This includes adding or consuming Jingu stacks.

No matter how many targets are hit in Boundless Strike, only one Jingu Mastery stack is consumed.

You can't place Jingu stacks on illusions. An optimist sees this as a way to identify the real PL, a pessimist would be angry they can't tap that unattended CM illusion rune four times for a free Jingu.

You're considered two 'levels' of high ground elevation up when perched on a tree, but enemies units will have vision of you at their ground level whenever you're jumping from tree to tree.

Ground targeted spells will affect you normally when you're on a tree and you can still detonate Techies mines while jumping or sitting on a tree.

Casting Boundless Strike or Mischief won't unperch you from a tree, but finishing a Wukong's Command cast will. You can use items, like TP, without getting unperched.

You can somewhat outplay a Disruptor Glimpse by letting the Glimpse end your Primal Spring channel. This is inconsistent and only works for short range Glimpses, however.

The enemy will hear your Primal Spring channel wherever you targeted it. This was added in 7.04 as a means to nerf Primal Spring. It was definitely a nerf, but after some research, it seems to be somewhat exploitable. Basically, wherever you target the Spring, an audio cue plays at the targeted location. So here's what you do:

Once an enemy is at your maximum possible Spring range, target the Spring waaaaay the hell away from them, but along the same trajectory. Your Spring distance will max out on your intended target, but they won't hear the cue because the actual Spring target was miles away from them.

Alternatively, you can freak the hell out of an enemy by targeting Primal Spring on them when you're absolutely nowhere near them. They'll hear the cue, but you'll be somewhere completely different. Enemy mid getting a little too bold? Target a Spring on them while you're regening in the fountain. See the enemy carry jungling but can't do anything about it? Who cares, target them anyway, maybe you'll bait out a BKB. Think they're taking Rosh? Screw it, target a Spring in the pit. Then watch the chaos unfold as they try to figure out where the hell you are.

If an enemy doesn't have vision of your targeted spot, they won't hear anything at all. So you can also mask low-range Springs by targeting an area that may be hidden in tree fog or high ground.

Here are a few Mischief interactions:  When in Mischief, you won't appear on the enemy minimap at all. Handy for courier sniping or sneaking through warded areas.  Enemy towers and creeps won't attack you when you're in Mischief.  You can instantly drop aggro from creeps by going into Mischief. Just beware if a ranged creep attack was already in flight before you transformed because that projectile will mismanage your Mischief.  You get 380 movespeed when disguised as a courier, which is faster than your hero even with boots. You can't force the courier transformation, though. All you can do is avoid standing next to any trees, rune spots, or out of the Rosh pit, and hope you get a lucky roll.  The enemy can't see the Jingu Mastery buff over your head when you're in Mischief, but debuffs (like Dust or Fury Swipes) will still show above your disguise.  You can theoretically cram yourself into various armpits around the river to hide yourself as a banana. Too bad I'm not about to test this on every graphics setting on every different terrain to see how viable this is, so just assume it's useless.

When in Mischief, you won't appear on the enemy minimap at all. Handy for courier sniping or sneaking through warded areas.

Enemy towers and creeps won't attack you when you're in Mischief.

You can instantly drop aggro from creeps by going into Mischief. Just beware if a ranged creep attack was already in flight before you transformed because that projectile will mismanage your Mischief.

You get 380 movespeed when disguised as a courier, which is faster than your hero even with boots. You can't force the courier transformation, though. All you can do is avoid standing next to any trees, rune spots, or out of the Rosh pit, and hope you get a lucky roll.

The enemy can't see the Jingu Mastery buff over your head when you're in Mischief, but debuffs (like Dust or Fury Swipes) will still show above your disguise.

You can theoretically cram yourself into various armpits around the river to hide yourself as a banana. Too bad I'm not about to test this on every graphics setting on every different terrain to see how viable this is, so just assume it's useless.

Wukong's Command soldiers basically have your right click plus whatever items you have.

Wukong's Command soldiers can't bash, but they can proc every other on-hit item effect. Echo Sabre won't make them attack twice, but they will apply the slow. They also individually carry whatever auras your hero has, including Radiance.

Your hero will ignore a Monkey King in Mischief when attack+moving.

Tree Dance follows Blink Dagger rules, so DoT spells or things like Urn help make him a little less slippery.

Destroying the tree he's perched on will stun Monkey King for a hefty time. Not many heroes can easily take advantage of this, but Windranger's Powershot, Ember Spirit's Remnant Activation, Storm Spirit's Ball Lightning, Phoenix's Supernova, Enigma's Midnight Pulse, or Batrider's Firefly are a few examples of spells that are either fast enough or large enough to catch a Monkey King by surprise.

Try creating holes in the tree lines while laning with a Quelling Blade so that you may spot a Monkey King hopping from tree to tree.

You'll need vision of him to even know what tree he's on to begin with. Night Stalker or KotL with their Agh's upgrades can be useful. Heroes with vision providing spells like Beastmaster Hawk, Razor's Plasma Field, Disruptor's Thunder Strike, or Puck's Illusory Orb are also good. Shiva's Guard's active also provides a lot of flying vision.

His Jingu Mastery damage+lifesteal buff can be purged off with basic dispels.

The audio cue from Primal Spring is reflected based on your camera placement. If you hear the guzheng to your left, he targeted the Spring on the left side of whatever your camera's looking at.

Wukong's Command soldiers' right clicks can be reduced by damage block from Vanguard or Crimson Guard.

You can try shoving Monkey King out of Wukong's Command with a Force Staff if he's near the edge.