Morphling Tips 

Use Waveform to travel between and damage two jungle camps at the same time.

Waveform can be used to absorb certain projectiles headfirst since you are invincible during the spell.

When using Waveform to push the lane, move near the ranged creep in the enemy wave and Waveform in towards your creeps. You make yourself vulnerable to ganks when you Waveform deeper into enemy territory.

When one Adaptive Strike is cast, the other goes into cooldown for 3 seconds.

You can toggle Attribute Shift while channeling a TP.

Casting Morph applies a basic dispel on your hero.

After shotgunning a target, they may still have some HP left over once you're out of spell damage. However, you can try Morphing into your target and finishing them off with whatever magic damage spells they have.

Mechanics on Morphs:  Morphs take the target hero's base STR, AGI, INT, primary attribute, and movespeed on cast. You do not get the hero's base armor, base damage, BAT, or talents. Morphs will keep Morphling's items and you can use them normally as the Morphed hero. Morphs copy the current percentage of HP/Mana on Morphling when cast. When un-Morphing, you will return to the HP/Mana you had as Morphling before you Morphed. Even if you gained HP as a Morph, you'll always return to your pre-Morph HP. Some non-ultimate passives transfer to the Morph, but some don't. Like Void, Troll, and Slardar's bashes do, but not Spirit Breaker's. Don't ask me, bruh. If you make a Morph of a target that has an Agh's granted basic spell (Treant Protector's Eyes in the Forest, for example) then your Morph will have that spell as well if the target has their Scepter. Morphs spawn with a full set of Stone Remnant, Leap, and Shrapnel charges, but only one Spirit Siphon charge and two Spin Web charges. A Morph timing out behaves the same way as Rubick's Spell Steal timing out in terms of spells/summons lingering. If you Morph a target that's in a Transformation, your Morph will spawn Transformed. The bonuses are massively inconsistent, though, and not worth listing.

Morphs take the target hero's base STR, AGI, INT, primary attribute, and movespeed on cast. You do not get the hero's base armor, base damage, BAT, or talents.

Morphs will keep Morphling's items and you can use them normally as the Morphed hero.

Morphs copy the current percentage of HP/Mana on Morphling when cast.

When un-Morphing, you will return to the HP/Mana you had as Morphling before you Morphed. Even if you gained HP as a Morph, you'll always return to your pre-Morph HP.

Some non-ultimate passives transfer to the Morph, but some don't. Like Void, Troll, and Slardar's bashes do, but not Spirit Breaker's. Don't ask me, bruh.

If you make a Morph of a target that has an Agh's granted basic spell (Treant Protector's Eyes in the Forest, for example) then your Morph will have that spell as well if the target has their Scepter.

Morphs spawn with a full set of Stone Remnant, Leap, and Shrapnel charges, but only one Spirit Siphon charge and two Spin Web charges.

A Morph timing out behaves the same way as Rubick's Spell Steal timing out in terms of spells/summons lingering.

If you Morph a target that's in a Transformation, your Morph will spawn Transformed. The bonuses are massively inconsistent, though, and not worth listing.

Morphling cannot Waveform when rooted.

You need to have nukes if you want to kill Morphling. With STR Attribute Shift, he can usually gain HP before you can burn him down with auto attacks.

Spirit Vessel substantially reduces the HP Morphling will gain when STR shifting.

Silences, stuns, taunts, fears, and hexes are all good ways to prevent Morphling from starting to Attribute Shift. They also prevent him from being able to un-Morph himself if he's cosplaying another hero.

You can see how much time Morphling has left in a Morph by clicking it and checking the buff timer.

The level number shown next to a Morph's HP is the same level as the real Morphling, not the same level as the hero morphed.