Naga Siren Tips 

Mirror Image can purge all the debuffs that a Manta would (besides silences, obviously). Look at the lane you're up against to see if an early Mirror Image could save your skin (like for Open Wounds or Grave Chill).

Casting Mirror Image will disjoint projectiles and banish your hero for 0.3s.

Unified move commands (look in your options to find out what the key modifier is, by default it's CTRL) may allow you to micro your illusions a little easier.

If you really want to step up your micro, consider incorporating cloning into your skill repertoire.

Lastly, learn how to use the patrol command in your options. This can allow your illusions to weave in and out of a camp or between two camps with minimal micro. They'll tank less damage and farm more creeps.

When defending high ground, send your illusions out one by one rather than as a group. Enemies can use AoE spells to take out every illusion in one fell swoop if you send them as a clump. Instead, force them to chase each Image individually.

Radiance aura and Rip Tide casts don't stack anyway, so grouping your Mirror Images up is something you typically want to avoid regardless.

Ensnare breaks channels, provides true sight, and works fully on spell immune enemies.

Although couriers possess an unparalleled understanding on the intricacies of space and time, they are like dolphins and get caught in those six-pack plastic can things all the time. Ensnare will bind both walking and flying couriers.

Keep eyes on all your illusions when farming to know when best to Rip Tide once every Mirror Image reaches their farming destination.

After you hit 6 and you're quietly farming, you should always try to keep at least 175 mana in the bank. 100 for the Song, 75 for the TP.

If you aren't partied up in a 5 stack, just use your ult defensively. "Buuuut moooom, all the other  heroes get to press R in a team fight." "Maybe when you're older, Slithice. Why can't you be like that nice boy Terrorblade and use your ult situationally?"

You didn't listen to me, did you. You used it. See, Naga, this is why we can't trust you... Now look. Everyone is shuffling around awkwardly on your team because they're both seething with rage and because they can't tell if you want to commit to this failed fight or not. Hey. Hey, it's okay. Just press R again. Yeah that's right, you can cancel your ult. You can just act like it was a misclick.

Supposing you do have a group of teammates who can take advantage of Song, here are some notable interactions with it. Razor - Song doesn't stop Static Link. Undying - Zombies continue to spawn on sleeping enemies. Warlock - Channel a fat Upheaval during the Song. Dazzle - Weave can hit sleeping enemies and will continue to tick during the Song. Weaver - Swarm bugs can latch on sleeping units.

If an enemy activated a BKB in a team fight and there aren't any huge allied spells being thrown out, you can try to isolate them with Song. Sleep the rest of the team and kill the spell immune enemy.

Enemy structures are invulnerable during Song, but allied structures aren't. This allows you to get uncontestable and rage inducing denies on towers.

If you're TPing in to save teammates during a dive, consider starting the Song before you begin channeling your TP.

There aren't many situations in which you want to use all 7 seconds of your ult. If you catch someone out with it, cancel it as soon as people are in position rather than buying the enemy team even more time to get over there.

Roshan is deaf. Sing near Rosh to quickly steal the kill+Aegis from the enemy, or to allow you to finish Rosh without the enemy team causing a ruckus in the pit.

Nullifier can target and be applied to sleeping enemies. This is the only item that works on enemies during Song of the Siren.

Be wary of activating any sort of spell immunity before Naga uses Song, otherwise you might be setting yourself up to die before the team fight even starts.

Ensnare will interrupt any channels, reveal you if you're invis, disable you from Blinking, and go through spell immunity.

Ensnare is dispellable by items like Guardian Greaves, Eul's, Lotus Orb or Manta Style.

Any level of Dagon can instakill illusions.