Pangolier Tips 

Swashbuckle sets your damage flat and attacks every unit in the AoE four times. There are a few interactions to note:

Even though there are four... swashes? Each target receives their own individual 'attack.' A Javelin Piercing one target doesn't mean every target will get Pierced on the same swipe.

Javelin is a popular damage option regardless.

Each attack will burn mana with Diffusal Blade.

Crits are not great because they multiply off of Swashbuckle's damage, but Bloodthorn can be good since the active will guarantee a crit for all four attacks.

Basher gives you a pretty high probability Bashing a target in Swashbuckle, but only one unit in the AoE can ever get bashed due to Basher's cooldown.

Maelstrom also has a cooldown, but you can potentially proc it twice in a Swashbuckle.

Echo Sabre will slow every target in the AoE and won't put the Sabre on cooldown.

Quelling Blade doesn't add damage to creeps in Swashbuckle.

Cleave can take advantage of the individual Swashbuckle attacks since each target will proc its own cleave AoE.

AA's Chilling Touch works on Swashbuckle attacks. Every target hit will consume a charge each attack.

Swashbuckle attacks can never miss and work through disarms.

Swashbuckle and Shield Crash's movements are classed as forced movement. You can use them to move up and down cliffs, travel through trees without destroying them, and break out of spells like Slark's Pounce or Disruptor's Kinetic Field.

Every time you successfully hit a hero in Shield Crash, the damage resistance buff is refreshed. The resistance buff can increase if you hit more heroes, but it'll never decrease if you hit fewer heroes.

Shield Crash doesn't factor illusions for damage reduction, but it does factor Meepos. Sweet, sweet Meepos.

You're disabled during the Shield Crash animation when walking, but you're not disabled during the Shield Crash animation when Rolling. This means that you can cancel a Rolling Shield Crash into Swashbuckle to move your Shield Crash landing AoE.

All items work while in Rolling Thunder:

You can channel a TP while Rolling.

You can Blink while Rolling. You'll continue Rolling in the same direction after Blinking.

You can Eul's yourself while Rolling to multihit a single enemy without needing to bounce.

If you don't press anything except for the Shield Crash hotkey while in the Eul's Cyclone, you'll do stationary Shield Crash in-place after landing.

Rolling Thunder can bounce into the secret shops, Power Cogs, Fissure, and Ice Shards.

Rolling Thunder provides spell immunity and also serves as a basic dispel on cast.

You can jump off the edges of the map in Rolling Thunder with Shield Crash. The only situation I can see this being useful is if you want to hide yourself as you TP out if the enemy has a targeted spell immune piercing disable.

Pangolier is the only other hero besides Io that doesn't have to turn to cast items.

Contrary to what the HUD shows, Heartpiercer zeroes all armor on an enemy. Be it from items, spells, or AGI.

And I do mean zero. If an enemy has negative armor from other debuffs, Heartpiercer will boost them back to 0.

Pangolier can't cast Swashbuckle or Rolling Thunder if he's rooted.

Bloodseeker's Rupture forces Pangolier to make some tough choices about life while Rolling.

Any spell immune piercing stun or root will cancel Rolling Thunder. Well not any. For some reason Chronosphere, Black Hole, Flaming Lasso, and any of Spirit Breaker's bashes won't cancel it.