Phantom Assassin Tips 

Understanding the ins and outs of the Stifling Dagger are critical to not getting demolished in lane. Learn the projectile's travel times, be able to accurately estimate the damage of the dagger at each level on creeps, and practice timing right clicks+melee range Daggers to make it impossible to deny you.

Stifling Dagger applies whatever on-hit effects your hero has like Orb of Venom or Basher. If you go invis from Shadow Blade/Silver Edge while the Dagger is traveling, it'll deal the Shadow Walk bonus damage on impact.

Since Stifling Dagger applies a 'right click' on a target, casting it will break your Smoke when the projectile lands.

Always be on the lookout for units to Phantom Strike to when you're trying to escape.

Get an early point in Blur when laning. If not for the evasion, get it for detection purposes. If you suddenly become de-Blurred, a hero is likely coming to gank you in a 1600 radius.

You can also use the Blur buff to scout enemies when roaming around the map or to check for an enemy presence in the Rosh pit. Pay attention to the Buff, it'll save your life.

Coup de Grâce makes it incredibly frustrating to grab CS while pushing, so take down the creeps that are being focused the least when the waves clash (ranged creep first, then that one melee creep that was late to the party, then that's about it).

A Magic Stick may be a good investment if you're doing a good job zoning her out since she'll have to spam Dagger.

If you're a carry, get a MKB or Bloodthorn. If you're a support, get a Ghost Scepter for survivability or Solar Crest for the accuracy. If you're tanky, get a Blade Mail.

Silver Edge can Break her evasion and her crit.

Bashes from Basher or Abyssal Blade cannot be evaded.

PA cannot Phantom Strike when rooted.

The minimap will not help you against PA. Many times you'll be farming your lane and you'll see a mass of creeps hanging out at one of your towers on the map and you'll think, "Eh, no one's there, the tower will push it back." Then all of a sudden PA is knocking on your tier 2. Actually pan around the map to verify if PA is truly off the map or not.