Phantom Lancer Tips 

Doppelganger allows you to travel up and down cliffs.

Doppelganger breaks trees upon landing. Use this to find juking enemies or to create quicker jungle routes.

Treat Doppelganger like Puck's Phase Shift when playing against a team with a lot of projectile spells.

The brighter of the two illusions from Doppelganger is the one that takes 100% damage. You can assign this one to a control group and it will stick each time Doppelganger is used.

Doppelganger dispels everything that a Manta Style can dispel, other than silences, obviously.

Casting Doppelganger adds 2 seconds duration to all your illusions.

If you get jumped by an enemy and need to banish yourself quickly, cast Doppelganger in the same direction your hero is facing rather than turning around. PL's turn rate is average, but every millisecond can count when escaping.

When Roshing, you can click on Rosh to see the cooldown on his Slam. Doppelganger during the cast animation to avoid you and your illusions taking a bunch of unnecessary damage.

You only get the bonus AGI from Phantom Rush once you begin an attack on the targeted unit. The AGI buff lasts for 2 seconds afterwards. You'll see the Rush buff icon 'refresh' when the AGI becomes active.

You can get cute with denies by Rushing to an enemy creep and then hitting your creep after you reach the initial target and get the AGI buff.

Phantom Rush is always toggled on for Juxtapose illusions and will always be off cooldown when they spawn.

Don't forget to utilize Phantom Rush when escaping. Sprint to a neutral or enemy lane creep to get the speed boost. Phantom Rush will even work on enemy buildings or ward units.

If you see a unit across a cliff, but you're in Phantom Rush range, PL will sprint to it taking the quickest pathing possible.

When tower diving, A+left click your illusions during attack backswings to attempt to shake tower aggro momentarily.

Also use A+left click when taking jungle camps to relieve yourself of creep aggro once you generate some illusions.

ENABLE UNIFIED UNIT ORDERS WHEN PLAYING PL. I preach the virtues of this option for pretty much every hero, but it's incredibly important when playing PL. The main reason is so that when you exit Doppelganger, you and all the illusions generated will move uniformly like Olympic synchronized swimmers. Box selecting can get you killed.

Much like every other illusion hero out there, you can sometimes be tricky by microing an illusion out of the pack to bait enemies into thinking it's the real you.

Try to bait out Doppelganger by animation canceling spells.

Some debuffs that can help identify the real PL and won't be purged off by Doppel: Enfeeble, Weave, Fury Swipes, Burning Spears, Deafening Blast, Viper Strike, Rupture.

Mjollnir's Static Shield will have a chance to proc off of every PL illusion whacking you.

Crimson Guard's active basically neutralizes all illusion damage, though you'll still take the mana burn from Diffusal.

Late game PL is pretty much all physical damage, so build armor.