Phoenix Tips 

Phoenix always Dives clockwise.

Icarus Dive applies a slow on enemies for 4 seconds at all levels. Don't just use it as a gap closer and cancel before you land on an enemy, get within 200 range of them to apply the slow.

You can begin channeling a TP while Diving, but canceling the Dive will cancel the TP.

You can pick things up mid-Dive. The Dive travels 1400 range, so you can use this to snatch runes and carry on your business. To time it properly, just cast the Dive at the X:00 mark.

Shiva's Guard takes a little longer than ~2.5 seconds to fully expand and will affect any units it makes contact with while expanding. Don't jump into an Icarus Dive the moment you cast it or you'll waste ~400 range on the Arctic Blast radius.

Don't machine-gun Fire Spirits. The debuff lasts for 4 seconds and enemies are more wary of a Phoenix who still has a Spirit circling around them. Space out Launches, even if you don't land them.

You can cast and cancel Icarus Dive while a Sun Ray is out.

Sun Ray provides vision over the 'projectile,' allowing you to check Rosh or scout in trees.

If you begin channeling a TP while moving in Sun Ray, you will continue moving during the channel. Escape enemies by TPing over cliffs (including the unpathable edges of the map).

You can activate and toggle move in Sun Ray while rooted.

You can move freely in or out of an enemy Disruptor's Kinetic Field while in Sun Ray. Oddly enough, you can't Sun Ray out of Slark's Pounce, which I thought was coded mostly the same way.

Try to find cliffs to Supernova onto if the positioning is convenient. Not only are you potentially dodging enemy vision, but they'll uphill miss while attacking you as well.

Allies can deny the Egg once it's under 50%.

If an ally dies in an Agh's Egg, it counts as a deny by Phoenix.

Phoenix can be stunned during Icarus Dive. Phoenixes will often pull some downright stupid Dives because they assume they'll be able to complete the full cycle. If you see a Phoenix staring at you from afar, keep your trigger finger ready on a stun to cancel the Dive. This is especially important with instant disables like hexes or Eulses.

Phoenix cannot Icarus Dive when rooted.

Stunning, silencing, sleeping, cycloning, fearing, or hexing Phoenix during Sun Ray will cancel the spell.

Blade Mail is also a worthwhile pickup to deal with Sun Ray if you're a tanky initiator.

Nyx is good at countering Sun Ray since he can just walk into it with Carapace and stun Phoenix ezpz.

There are a lot of variables deciding this, but a good rule of thumb to follow is that you'll need 2 heroes to kill a level 1 Egg and 3 heroes to kill a level 2 Egg assuming you're all Fire Spirited right before Supernova is cast.

Heroes that buff attack speed (Troll Warlord, Beastmaster, Ogre Magi) or items that buff attack speed (Drum, AC) will help a lot against Phoenix in the late game.

You can kill the Egg during Naga sleep.

Juggernaut can damage the Egg while right-clicking during Blade Fury.

Clones like Meepo and Arc Warden's Tempest Double count as heroes when attacking the Egg. Illusions do not and will deal no damage to a Supernova.