Puck Tips 

Illusory Orb is your main escape before you get your Blink Dagger. The second you toss out an Orb to damage some creeps, your fairie dragon ass starts looking much tastier to kill. This is most relevant when you're in the mid lane and you're trying to push the wave to get the rune. Only use the Orb if you're confident that you can't get nuked down in the next ~10s.

When pushing, cast Illusory Orb from the back of the enemy creep wave towards your creeps or into trees and then Jaunt to it. This can help create a buffer from heroes who will try to gank you once they see your Orb is down.

Illusory Orb's projectile gives flying vision. Not only does it give vision around the Orb itself, but the vision lingers for a few seconds along its path as well. Use it for scouting, shutting down juking, or finishing off couriers.

There are three main ways to Jaunt the full distance reliably. Either you watch for the Orb to turn red, listen to the sound pitch of the Orb, or you can just count to 3.

When you're on the run, toss an Orb in one direction and continue walking in another direction. If they commit to the Orb, don't Jaunt, if they commit to you, Jaunt.

If Phase Shift is on cooldown, know that Jaunting also disjoints.

If you click in a direction to turn before casting Phase Shift, you'll complete your rotation while in Phase Shift. This is similar to the turning before RP'ing trick on Magnus.

Puck can completely avoid spells like Ice Path and even insta-cast spells like hexes while Phase Shifted as long as you Blink in the direction you were facing before you Phase Shifted AND you Blink before the channel ends. If you try to Blink in a different direction, you'll spend too much time turning around after Phase Shift and if you shift-queue, spells like Ice Path will still hit you.

You only need to cast Phase Shift to disjoint things, you don't need to complete the channel. If a tower shot is about to pound you, just tap Phase Shift and keep moving.

Nothing can stop your "Dream Coil Rapid Fire" talent attacks. As long as you're in range of your targets, you will continue attacking through banishes (like Phase Shift), breaks, or disarms.

As soon as the Orb comes out, start looking for the kill. Puck may be hard to lock down, but Orb being on cooldown halves this hero's survivability in the early game.

Illusory Orb travels for three seconds. Most stuns last ~2 seconds. Save your stun for around 1 second after an enemy Puck tosses out an Orb. If they Jaunt within that second, they didn't get very far anyway so whatever.

Playing against Puck in lane is all about baiting out useless Phase Shifts. Animation canceling is usually the easiest way, but smart Pucks ain't about that cancel lyfe and won't get scared by your Magnus practicing lacrosse with Shockwave canceling. So just wait for them to use Phase Shift for some other reason (tower shots, creep aggro) or try to bait it by tossing out a less important spell (Shadow Strike is the textbook example) or an auto-attack.

Puck can't Phase Shift when rooted, however Jaunting is still possible.

Dream Coil always lasts for 6 seconds (unless Scepter'd).

You can break out of the Coil without getting stunned with spells like Waveform or Ball Lightning that have your hero invulnerable during the movement. You can Blink out as well, but you'll still take the damage and be stunned when you land.

Nullifier can purge Eul's Cyclone and subsequently mute any potential Blink Daggers for 5 seconds.