Pugna Tips 

Nether Blast damages towers and creeps. You don't get bonus damage for engulfing the whole tower, which is what some Pugnas seem to think. Keep the tower on the edge of the Blast AoE and focus the majority of the Blast on the creep wave.

Nether Blast is an great spell to cast and stop-cancel. The animation is extremely obvious, but the lack of any visual feedback makes it difficult for the enemy to tell if you canceled it or not. Eventually they'll call your bluff, at which point you can start getting lazy with your Stop key.

You can Decrepify the Nether Ward, effectively making it invulnerable for 2-3.5s. You can also Decrepify Undying's Tombstone.

Check yourself before you Decrep yourself. In a 1v1 situation you usually want to Decrep the enemy, when there are multiple enemies you usually want to Decrep yourself, when there is a team fight, you should try to save your Decrep for your nether ward.

Decrepify makes you immune to physical damage even from spells, such as Jugg's Omnislash or Dazzle's Shadow Wave.

Lane and neutral creeps will immediately drop aggro if you are Decrepified. If you're sneaking behind enemy lines and a creep is following you, Decrepify yourself and it'll lose interest.

This is also extremely useful for tower dives if you're willing to risk amplified magic damage, since both the tower and creeps will ignore you.

Decrepify slows enemies, but not allies.

Nether Ward's mana degen is significant, especially in lane. Find a nice cozy place to hide it and revel in how huge a 1600 radius is.

Aether Lens is pretty cute on Pugna since it allows you to dump your Nether Ward inside trees.

Life Drain creeps to heal yourself up after a team fight. Don't bother trying to regen mana from creeps though, that part only works on hero targets.

Life Drain provides true sight on targets.

Life Drain kills illusions on the first tick.

You can target Life Drain on allies to heal their HP (or mana) at the cost of your own HP.

Since Life Drain works on non-hero units, you can deny yourself in a pinch by Life Draining yourself into an allied creep.

The Nether Ward will toast you before your spell comes out. The spell won't be put on cooldown if you die, though.

If you're in the Nether Ward's AoE, you will see a debuff icon in your status bar.

Pipe of Insight's Barrier works on buildings.

Spirit Vessel is a great way to make Life Drain easier to deal with when against a farmed Pugna since he'll heal much less.