Riki Tips 

Smoke Screen. Great silence, great blind, great slow, great range. So don't hotbox your gank target in the center of the cloud unless you're terrified of them casting something, just leave them near the edge of the AoE. By reflex, most enemies won't even realize that you duped them until they're halfway through the cloud.

You can Blink Strike to allies as well as enemies.

You can Blink Strike onto allied (but not enemy) couriers.

You still have collision when you're in Permanent Invisibility, so don't bump into enemies you're stalking.

Treat Tricks of the Trade how you would Slark's Shadow Dance. You don't really want to blow it as soon as you jump on an enemy, but rather use it for the banish if things are getting hairy. Enemies won't want to stick around in the AoE and if Blink Strike is maxed, it'll come off CD before Tricks ends, so you can jump to an ally to escape.

If you're prowling around an area that you think might be sentry warded, try intentionally forcing creep aggro while invis by right clicking a hero. This is a quick way to confirm if the enemy has true sight or not.

Another way to confirm is through heroes who go into 'attack stances' like Brew, Jugg, Abaddon, or listening to see if enemies say deny lines even though there is no one else in your lane. If these things happen for no good reason, they can see you.

♪ Turn around. Every now and then you get a little bit greedy when you realize that you've got no farm. Turn around. Every now and then you get a little bit tired of listening to all the 'missing' calls. Turn around. Every now and then you get a little bit nervous when you're in your jungle without any wards. Turn around. Every now and then you get a little bit scared 'cause now you're standing in a purple cloud. AND I NEED A STUN RIGHT NOW, AND I NEED ONE MORE THAN EVER. ♪ Rikis hate attacking heroes who decide to hold a staring contest rather than run scared. He is practically working with a Double Damage rune from Cloak and Dagger when your back is turned, so if you think you can last the Smoke's duration, turn around and have a chat with him. Most of your attacks will miss, and you're still going to be silenced, but if backup is coming, fight him. All of this is assuming that you're not playing Bristleback, though.

Good anti-Riki items as a support include pretty much any mid-game support item. Smoke Screen stops you from using spells, not items. Force Staff is the typical pickup, Eul's is good, and Ghost Scepter is good.

Riki holds a strong grudge against both King Bars. BKB and MKB are both good carry items against a Riki because they both allow you to fight in the Smoke.

Practice the buddy system. Riki can't really deal with solo-ganking two heroes at the same time.

Don't make it obvious that you have a sentry ward down in the lane unless you're ready to go for the kill.

Riki cannot Blink Strike when rooted.

Keep your Spidey senses on point. If you notice that your hero is doing some peculiar pathing or stutter stepping for some reason, Riki's probably following you around, gently licking you.

When pushing, place a sentry ward in/around/behind your team out of the tower's sight. If your team hasn't been super aggressive with detection, it's highly likely that Riki is ghost riding your whip and waiting for the perfect Smoke.

Dust of Appearance slows invis units by 20%. Since the only way Riki can force himself to become visible is by attacking, Dust is usually a huge pain for him to deal with when escaping.