Rubick Tips 

Telekinesis is a damn good disable mainly because Rubick has essentially non-existent cast times. For the most part, Telekinesis can be pulled off just as quickly as a hex. So if you're worried an initiator is about to Blink in and start a team fight, keep spam casting and canceling it on their initiator so that once they Blink in range, you'll instantly pick them up.

Rubick has to be facing the direction that you want to cast Telekinesis Land, so if you're trying to escape either cast the Land immediately after picking an enemy up or not at all.

Generally you want to cast the Land as soon as possible anyway so that your allies can see where you're dropping the enemy and can plan accordingly.

If you're getting chased by multiple heroes, it can be smart to cast the Land towards you, rather than away from you. During the Lift's duration, the other enemies will have probably passed your target up, so the Land should stun them on the way back.

One of the hallmarks of a strong anti-pusher is the ability to draw aggro from a creep wave off of a tower during pushes. Fade Bolt is probably one of the strongest spells in the game to do this, mainly because of its zero cast time, huge range, damage reduction ability, and substantial nuke damage. When you want to slow down the enemy's push, cast it on the creep wave and the creeps will lose interest in hammering your tower and come for you instead.

Fade Bolt bounces always take the shortest possible distance when jumping from target to target.

Null Field can be toggled between defensive and offensive forms.

Null Field can be toggled while channeling.

You can Spell Steal through spell immunity. Just because Enigma is a big golden tear drop doesn't mean you can't steal Black Hole through BKB.

Patience is a virtue. Don't steal spells all willy nilly. Go into a team fight knowing the spells that you would want to steal and wait for them to be cast. You'll only be able to steal ~2 spells per team fight, so make them count.

Different spells are useful at different stages of the game. Sure, most ultimates are almost always worth keeping, but other spells that help Rubick farm or scout can prove valuable during downtime.

Rubick has zero cast times on any stolen spells. Forget everything you know about landing Leshrac's Split Earth, be amazed at how you can ejaculate a Fissure in a split second, and revel in how much better a spell Zeus's Lightning Bolt is when you don't have to fist pump for half a second to cast it.

Rubick being in your lane automatically adds another ~375 units that you need to keep in your safety zone because of instant Telekinesis. Don't let him into your zone.

Rubick is all about capitalizing on your forgetfulness/laziness. "Oh right, they have a Rubick, I should have cast Anchor Smash after Ravage. I should have cast Blade Fury after Omnislash. I should have cast Flak Cannon after Rocket Barrage." Put a condom on all of your spells, it's 99% effective.

Always check what spell Rubick has stolen by clicking on him. If you're Pudge and Rubick just Ghostbuster'd your essence, there is a big difference in how the next minute is going to go down if he stole Rot or if he stole Meat Hook.