Shadow Demon Tips 

If you select your Disruption illusions you can see how the enemy is skilling themselves since your illusions' skill points will mirror the enemy's.

There are pretty much only two reasons why you should ever Disrupt an ally to save them. Either you're trying to burn off 2.5 seconds of a disable they're in or they're about to die and you're using it like a Shallow Grave. For slows, blinds, silences, or disarms, unless you're communicating with your allies, avoid Disrupting them. 9 times out of 10, people will get mad at you even if they were dead anyway.

However, there are plenty of occasions to use Disruption on allies in other situations. During tower pushes, make more Lunas for maximum glaives. During defenses, make fake Batriders and send one in. When warding, make more yous to bait a gank attempt.

Disruption banishes a target for 2.5 seconds. Blink Dagger's damage cooldown is 3 seconds. Cast a Shadow Poison while a target is Disrupted to keep their Blink Dagger on cooldown. You don't even need to use the Detonate because the impact damage from the Shadow Poison will disable Blink Dagger and then they'll immediately take damage from the illusions afterwards.

Early game, try fishing for Disruptions on enemies when they're 'cornered' against the map, then stand near the Disruption. There's a chance they'll be fully body-block-locked between you and the two illusions when they come out.

With some practice, you don't even need to corner an enemy. If you plant an Iron Branch and stand on a Disruption, enemies will be blocked on all 4 sides (2 illusions, your hero, a tree). This probably won't work early game when everyone has Tangoes, but there's something to be said for a 15-30 minute GG branch on SD.

Soul Catcher ignores Roshan, ancient creeps, and creep-heroes.

Shadow Poison is a great spell to use to stack camps because of its ludicrous range and cheap mana cost. For maximum supportage, angle yourself so you can stack two camps with one Shadow Poison.

With practice,  you can even stack three camps (this is on an older map, but it gives you a good idea).

Stacking camps is useful with Shadow Demon because he's actually great at taking stacks himself with Shadow Poison. Once maxed, it takes 6 stacks of Shadow Poison to kill any camp, or 7 if you want to play it safe with magic resistance aura creeps.

Shadow Poison is a great spell to draw creep aggro off a tower during defenses.

Shadow Poison's projectile gives flying vision as it travels.

Demonic Purge is a dispel that can go through spell immunity. This includes the ability to remove runes and end Eul's Cyclones.

Demonic Purge can root enemy couriers.

Agh's upgraded Demonic Purge Breaks passive abilities.

Get a Magic Stick if he's spamming Shadow Poison. Just remember that you only get stick charges on spells cast in a 1200 radius if the enemy is in vision.

Shadow Poisons and Soul Catcher can be purged by any type of dispel, weak or strong.

The only reason Shadow Poison is balanced is because the projectile is very easy to dodge. Don't get lazy. You won't see a fat 4 above your head, but you can look in your status bar to see how many stacks are on you. If you've bumbled your way into 3 stacks, back off.

The only reason Soul Catcher is balanced is because it's extremely hard to land, especially in the laning phase. Being a ranged hero will actually work against you when laning against SD because your natural positioning makes you easy pickings for a Soul Catchin'.