Shadow Shaman Tips 

Ether Shock can hit secondary units ~400 units further away than its cast range. If an enemy is making a run for it and is just out of cast range, cast the Shock on the ranged creep right behind them. Ether Shock won't bounce to units that are in fog, however.

The facts on Hex: Instant cast time, insta-kills illusions, and is super annoying. Spam cast and cancel this spell on the enemy team's initiator when you're toeing off. The moment they Blink in and are in range, they'll be Rhasta Fried Chicken.

An enemy will always be able to BKB in-between Shackle and Hex. Lead with Hex during ganks, especially since Hex has no cast animation and also has longer range.

Hex cannot be purged even by strong dispels.

Shackles deals damage in a bunch of tiny instances, making it very effective to burn off things like Refraction or Living Armor.

As cute as it is to spawn your Serpents in a circle around a tower singing kumbaya, you never want to do this. Your Wards hurt, but only when they're all able to attack at the same time. When you spawn them in a huge circle, even a Pugna can take them on one by one.

Don't let enemies farm your Wards for free if they win a team fight. It takes 2 attacks from a hero to kill a Ward. Select one lone Ward in the back and have it murder its siblings with a deny after one hero attack.

The Serpent Wards are controllable units. This hero is one of the few 'micro' heroes that box selection is encouraged on. Box your Serpents (or double click one, that'll select them all), tell them to stop spitting on creeps, and reorient them on the tower that you were trying to kill or on that 1 HP Armlet-toggling Lifestealer that inadvertently limped back into your Wards' range.

There is no secret to landing Ward Traps other than practice. It's a skillshot, just learn the cast animation and range.

If you're Ward trapped, you can Phase through the serpents using Phase Boots or certain invis/windwalk abilities.

Mass Serpent Ward costs a ton of mana, making Rhasta a great candidate for Mana Burning/Leaking or picking Pugna against.

Illusion attacks count as hero attacks against Serpent Wards.

You can break these cuffs. Always have a stun/silence ready on your team to bail a teammate out from the Shackle channel. At level 4, Shackles disable for nearly as long as Bane's ultimate.