Silencer Tips 

Last Word provides a ton of utility all game long. Early game you want to spam it for nuke damage, late game you want to cast it on heroes who rely on spell combos (Invoker, Sand King, Magnus, Puck, etc). All game long you want to use it for the basic vision that the shower curtain provides on the targeted hero.

Last Wording a target before Hurricane Piking them allows you to keep them in vision for your attacks.

Much like with Undying's Tombstone, you don't want to use Global Silence and then have the enemy team walk away until the spell wears off. Silencer's job is rarely to start fights, he's there to SILESILESILENCSILENCSILENCSILSILSSILSILENCE fights that are on the cusp of breaking out. You usually want to cast Global Silence soon after your initiator goes in. It's okay to let a spell or two leak through at the beginning if it means that the enemy is committing to the fight. The goal is to hit them with the 4'33" right when they're at the point-of-no-return in the team fight.

You can save Global to break channeling ults as well (Enigma, Bane, Sand King, Witch Doctor, CM), but often times it's better to stop them from using their spells altogether by preemptively silencing than to risk getting disabled while they're channeling.

If you're past the phase when huge 5v5 team fights are being decided by a single ultimate, save your ult until after BKBs get popped. If you Global Silence while an enemy is spell immune, they'll get silenced. If you do it before, they can purge the silence by going spell immune.

Silencer doesn't just temporarily take your INT, he steals it. Avoid trading 1 for 1 with this hero because the INT steal adds up quickly.

Save your BKB for after Global Silence is cast. If Global is cast while you're spell immune, you'll still get silenced. If you go spell immune while you're deaf, the debuff is removed.

Eul's is a cheap, but effective, way of purging off Global Silence. Lotus Orb, Manta Style, and Guardian Greaves can also purge it off.