Skywrath Mage Tips 

Arcane Bolt gives vision as it travels. This is useful in mid matchups as you can use the brief vision before impact to get in one auto-attack if the enemy is on the high ground.

Concussive Shot has zero cast time. If you have the mana, always cast it if you're getting chased.

Concussive Shot will never select illusions to hit. If you're against a hero who uses a lot of illusions, save Concussive for when you want to find the real one.

Ancient Seal is the only single-targeted instant (zero cast time) silence in the game besides Orchid. The magic amplification is nice and all, but a guaranteed targeted silence is what makes this skill amazing. Cast+cancel this constantly on initiators before a team fight so you can instantly silence them when they try Blinking into your team.

If you are free-balling a Mystic Flare, prediction and practice are your best bets to landing it consistently. You want the enemy to walk into the middle of the Flare half a second after you cast and then think to themselves "Well, great, now it doesn't matter which direction I walk, I'm eating this ult."

Avoid trying to outrun Arcane Bolt unless you have some plan to not die to it. It's going to hit you regardless, all you're doing is giving the enemy team a tiny little ward that's giving away your location as you run.

You can quickly move a Raindrop into your backpack to protect charges from weak Arcane Bolts.

If Skywrath is spamming Arcane Bolt, get a Magic Stick. Just be aware that the Stick only gets charges if you have vision on the hero when they cast a spell.

After Skywrath blows his mana load at level 1 with a thousand Arcane Bolts, he'll probably start sipping Clarities in the corner like a junkie. Don't let him.

Concussive Shot has a small AoE on impact. Like against Sven's Storm Hammer, avoid clumping up if a Concussive Shot is on your tail.

Beware of the Mystic Flare combos on the enemy team. Sprout/Power Cogs may be annoying spells, but they become killboxes with a Skywrath. If this is a concern, get a Force Staff or Eul's.

BKB completely shuts this hero down. Like, massively. Some INT heroes get pretty shut down with spell immunity, but Skywrath is on a whole 'nother level.

Pugna can be a real pain for Skywrath because all of his spells cost a ton of mana and Nether Ward hurts.