Slark Tips 

Dark Pact is a 'nuke' like Lifestealer's Infest can be a 'nuke.' Yes, the spell can deal healthy damage, but that's not its only purpose. Don't yank the Pact ripcord the second you get in melee range of your gank target. Wait for them to turn around, or for their teammate to come in to save them, then pull the trigger and wipe off any potential disable. If you need to use Dark Pact for damage, only use it if you're sure the enemy can't stop you or try to save it for the killing blow.

Dark Pact can't purge a lot of things despite being a 'strong' dispel. The ones worth remembering from this list are Ancient Apparition's Ice Blast, Bloodseeker's Rupture, Bane's Enfeeble, Invoker's Deafening Blast, Witch Doctor's Maledict, Razor's Static Link, Ursa's Fury Swipes, Viper's Viper Strike, or Halberd disarm. If you want to get rid of these spells, too bad.

Medallion/Solar Crest is a cute pickup on Slark because Dark Pact can purge the negative armor debuff off yourself after you cast it on an enemy.

Pounce won't latch illusions, making it useful for identifying the real CK/PL/Waifu Siren.

Pounce can hit invisible units.

Take advantage of your collisionless state in Pounce when you're escaping. Don't just leap along down the lane, jump over a tree line or clear a cliff to create a gap.

Essence Shift gifts you with a bonus 'pure damage' (with the STR removal), 'mana burn' (with the INT removal), and sucks off 1 damage from the enemy (with their primary attribute's removal).

Capitalize on Essence Shift stacks. Don't sit around and farm after you get a kill, take a tower or TP to another lane and use all the damage you have to continue snowballing.

You will lose all Essence Shift stacks on death, including deaths from Aegis. The enemies will still be missing their stats, however.

Shadow Dance is an extremely effective spell for counterwarding. The moment you stop dripping and slow down, you're in enemy vision and the Shadow Dance passive is lost.

Enemies can still see the TP particle effect when you start channeling under Shadow Dance.

Slark is one of few heroes that has 1800 night vision.

If you have slots to burn late game for some reason, an interaction worth noting is that Skadi's slow fully stacks with Orb of Venom's slow.

Dark Pact purges as often as it damages, meaning that there are 10 little mini-purges throughout the duration of the spell. So don't stun Slark mid-Pact.

Dark Pact can't purge off Halberd's disarm or hexes.

Ground targeted spells (especially stuns like LSA, Split Earth, Impale, etc.) are highly valuable against Slark for hassling him whenever he activates Shadow Dance.

Inexperienced Slarks have a tendency of going for long-range Pounces which are fairly easy to juke. Line yourself up with him when you're getting chased to tease the Pounce out, then move straight left or right and dodge it.

Skewer, Leap, and Force Staff cannot break a Pounce leash.

Try to block Pounce by standing in front of Slark if he's trying to escape.

Slark cannot Pounce when rooted.

Essence Shift is the long con. You may think you're winning these exchanges in lane because Slark has awful HP, but he's gaining a Slipper of Agility and you're losing an Iron Branch's worth of stats every time you trade hits.

You'll get your Essence Shifted stats back when you respawn, but Slark will still have them as well. This is true for Aegis deaths as well.

Ghost Scepter isn't as useful against Slark as it is against some other gankers since Pounce and Pact can deal substantial magical damage, but it can still be a worthwhile pickup.

He has no means of breaking channels. If Slark is hot on your tail, just start TPing.

Bloodseeker notably counters the dickens out of Slark. Slark doesn't like to be silenced, he can't Dark Pact off Rupture, and if he loses too much HP he'll make BS Thirsty and give him true sight, stopping him from getting Shadow Dance regen.

Spirit Breaker is also irritating for Slark to deal with since Dark Pact can't purge off Charge and since Charge will provide vision the whole time, Slark can't regen unless he activates Shadow Dance.

Slark can't purge Disruptor's Glimpse, making Glimpse into Static Storm+Kinetic Field often lethal.

Naga's Song turns off Slark's Shadow Dance active and reveals him, thus stopping Slark from regening and being invisible. The Dance will continue once the Song ends, though.