Spirit Breaker Tips 

Take advantage of the proximity Greater Bashes you are gifted while Charging. If you're trying to land a stun on a target that can't be targeted (cycloned, spell immune, banished, etc.) line yourself up so that you can target a unit behind your actual target and bash them en route.

If you see an opportunity to gank another lane, consider TPing to the nearest tower or shrine before casting a cross-country Charge. The less time an enemy has to react and reposition, the more successful your ganks will be.

Charge will pop on Linken's Sphere, but you can potentially outplay this by Charging a creep near the wave your target is farming and hope the creeps die so the Charge target will shift to the hero. A substitute Charge will not pop Linken's.

You can cast non-targeted items while you're Charging, like Shadow Blade, Mask of Madness, Smoke of Deceit, or BKB. You can even TP while you're Charging, but only to the fountain and only if you double click the TP.

You can also Tread swap while Charging. So switch to INT Treads before casting and turn back to STR Treads while you're Charging.

You can also cast Empowering Haste while Charging. Charge applies a Greater Bash on everything you hit and Greater Bash deals damage based off your movespeed, so activating Empowering Haste mid-Charge will boost your damage on contact.

If you're getting ganked and you can't take the fight, immediately move your camera over to another lane, find a creep or neutral, and Charge it. This is your escape mechanism.

Greater Bash's proc chance utilizes pseudo-random distribution (PRD). Statistically, about one in every six right clicks should be a Bash with 17%, but PRD encourages a lower likelihood of 'streaks.' If you go six right clicks with no Bash, chances are now much higher that your next right click will Bash thanks to PRD. Try to exploit this by priming right clicks on jungle or lane creeps before going for a gank.

Greater Bash is essentially a crit dressed up in a scaling bash. Unfortunately, the only way of amplifying the 'crit' damage is by building move speed, not damage. The plus side is that you have two guaranteed ways of proccing this crit Bash with Charge and Nether Strike.

You can Nether Strike the enemy courier. It won't deal any damage, but you will bash it.

Probably the best Dust carrier and anti-invis hero you could ask for in pubs. Every time Dust is off cooldown, Charge that Riki and bash him into next Tuesday.

Get wards in the enemy jungle. Players will automatically avoid farming in lane once they realize you're becoming a threat and will start farming their jungle. Teach them that there is no sanctuary from the space cow.

SB is the tankiest level 1 hero in the game. With no items, the cosmic bull has an EHP of nearly 1000. Take advantage of your chuftiness and don't be afraid of getting into fights early on.

Ward everywhere. You need to always be keeping tabs on Spirit Breaker: Where does he come from, where does he go, who is he ganking, Barathrum Joe.

Even though most Spirit Breakers will carry dust, consider getting a Glimmer Cape if he's Charging often. Nearly all of SB's damage is magical and needs to be dealt quickly, so the buffed magic resistance while Glimmered will soak up a lot of the damage.

Charge can break Linken's from across the map. In Herald scum pubs this makes Linken's an SB counter, but in RIAA-certified Double Divine tier, this makes SB a Linken's counter.

One of the easiest heroes to bait. No SB can resist Charging down a lonely CM quietly farming in lane, so take advantage of the mad cow's blood thirst. After a few failed ganks, the map will open up substantially when he stops Charging on a whim.

You can stun SB while he's Charging. This is useful to know when you're getting Charged, but it's also useful when you're ganking SB. Keep a stun in your pocket for when he tries to Charge to another lane.

Force Staff and other sources of forced movement will end Charge.

You can disable SB while he's in the middle of the cast animation for Nether Strike.