Templar Assassin Tips 

The bonus damage charges you get on Refraction don't get dropped on denial attacks. This is relevant for mid lane controlling purposes, because you can aggressively deny your creeps and push the lane at the same time with the spill.

All damage sources are created equal on the temple steps. Whether it's a ranged creep, a tower shot, or a Laguna Blade, every instance of damage you take will wipe a Refraction charge off. As a TA, it's massively important to learn how to maintain creep aggro to ensure that creeps won't burn off Refraction charges.

Since the entire damage instance is blocked, Refraction prevents Blink Dagger or regen from breaking if you get hit.

The cooldown on Refraction is the same as its duration. Before going in for a gank or joining a team fight, you want a fully charged Refraction to be on the tail end of its timer so you can put a fresh one up when everything inevitably starts going wrong.

Meld has no cast time and no fade time. This is useful for disjointing spells, tower shots, and right clicks, but it's also huge for juking. When you're getting chased, Meld as soon as you get a moment of high ground above the enemies. If you're juking in the jungle, Meld as soon as you think you're in a split-second of fog.

You have no collision when you're Melded, so you won't block pathways.

If you have trouble landing Meld strikes in the heat of the moment, try using A+left click instead of right clicking on the enemy.

Meld damage does not spill. So stop wasting mana Melding the front creep in a wave.

The armor reduction debuff from Meld works on Rosh.

To be an effective Lanaya, you've got to learn how to play Psi Blades like a concert pianist. Each deny should effortlessly pick up a last hit in the same stroke. A full creep wave should be wiped in two spills after you pick up a Desolator. Move creeps and neutrals in the jungle around to get the perfect spills.

Psi-Blade's spill angle is calculated from TA's position once the attack connects, not from where TA was when the attack was started. It's not much, but you can ever so slightly move yourself around after you attack to change spill angles onto the enemy.

Spill damage can hit invisible units and couriers.

You can give shared control of your Traps to all of your teammates so they can detonate your Traps themselves. However, please notify your teammates that you're doing this otherwise you're going to sabotage their micro.

The core early game Trap locations are the runes (or one rune), their side of the mid hill, your side of the mid hill, Rosh, and choke points on stairs.

Damage from multiple Traps won't stack.

The last Trap debuff an enemy is hit by will immediately overwrite the previous Trap debuff (for both the slow and damage).

If you are within ~1800 range of a neutral camp, you can draw aggro and stack it with Psionic Trap damage.

If you're close to messing up a stack, try using a Trap to slow down the neutrals before they make it back to the camp.

You can use Trap damage on lane creeps to split push lanes.

If TA has the damage buff from Refraction, her Psi-Blades will be longer and glow redder. Personally, I can't tell the difference and I don't have the time to color match it at Home Depot when I'm dying under my tower, but it's true.

DoT her Refraction. Venomancer, Viper, Radiance, etc. Spells that deal lots of instances of damage like Dark Pact, Torrent, or Rot are good too.

Urn of Shadows can also break TA's Refraction, but it only ticks once every ~0.5s, so it's not very effective.

You can't break TA's Meld with any stun or silence since Meld invisibility is an infinite duration buff (which is purgable), not a channeled spell. Your team really needs to have ground targeted or non-targeted spells otherwise she'll just sit there until her Blink comes off cooldown.

However, spells that change her position like Flamebreak, Blinding Light, Power Cogs, Gust, or Fissure, can break Meld.

Know what you're getting yourself into if you dive a TA. Can you handle her having Refraction? Do you have detection if she Melds? Will you be able to kill her if she has five Traps lying around?

Always be moving around when you're against her mid. Make her miss last hits because she's too busy trying to position spill on you.

If you're mid against Lanaya, get some sentry wards at around 6 minutes. Not only will this allow you to actually finish a gank on her if you get the upper hand, but you can also clear the Trap(s) that you know she has on your side of the hill.

Smokes are great against teams with a TA since they will often be lazy when spamming observer wards if they can rely on Trap vision. On the other hand, you need to be careful that you're not smoking on top of a Trap.

She almost definitely has a Trap in the Rosh pit, so either bring sentries or don't go for sneaky Rosh attempts against a TA.