Timbersaw Tips 

Whirling Death can be activated while you're mid-Timber Chain.

Remember that Whirling Death only deals pure damage if it cuts a tree down during the cast.

Be generous when targeting Timber Chain. It's okay to sacrifice ~50 range to ensure you aren't airballing chains.

The Chain gives a very small slice of vision as it travels and gives 400 ground vision for a split second once it reaches max distance. You can use this to quickly scout inside the Rosh pit if you don't want to spend Chakram for vision.

If you Eul's yourself after casting Timber Chain, you'll fly up and the Cyclone will get canceled once the chain hits a tree. Use this to dodge enemies who may try to cancel your Chain cast with stuns.

Using Blink Dagger immediately after casting Timber Chain allows you to change angle of approach to a targeted tree. You can use this to get Chain damage on an enemy and still quickly return to safety. You can also toss a Chain, blink into a creep wave and Whirling Death, and promptly fly out.

You can cast Chakram before Timber Chain connects or during the travel time to cut down on the Chakram cast animation. Timber will start the animation for Chakram as soon as he's in range of wherever you targeted it. Shift+queueing Chakram after casting Chain is the guaranteed fastest way to do this.

Your goal in lane is to find the minimum amount of creep aggro you need to draw to keep Reactive Armor working at its cap.

Go into the jungle and tank a few neutrals to build up Reactive Armor stacks before a gank/dive.

An enemy can receive the burst damage from the Chakram once when it flies out and once when it's coming back. So if it looks like an enemy is about to escape the AoE of the Chakram, just return it while they're still in it. The extra passthrough damage will be more useful than a few more milliseconds of slow.

The lower an enemy's HP, the greater the Chakram slow will be.

Learn the trees on the map. There are many unique juke paths that only Timber can take advantage of thanks to his skill set.

When escaping late game, try carving out paths with Chakram before Timber Chaining. Timber Chaining into a deforested area could buy you a few seconds of fog.

If you're building a Bloodstone and you already have Arcane Boots, don't buy another Arcane Orb for the Soul Booster, just disassemble your Arcanes.

Don't stand next to trees when laning against or escaping from Timber. The distance you're saving by hugging the treeline won't matter when he purely damages your ass.

Timbersaw hates being silenced, especially if he has a Chakram out because that means he literally can't do anything.

Timbersaw cannot Timber Chain when rooted.

Breaking Timbersaw will stop him from gaining new Reactive Armor stacks.

Spirit Vessel can help mitigate the HP regen Timber gains from Reactive Armor.

Chakram has a fairly slow travel time, so it's usually worth sacrificing some positioning if it means you can evade the slow when he's chasing you.

You can disable Timbersaw mid-Chain to stop him from moving. If your team has a shortage of stuns, save them for when you see his chain comes out. That way Chain goes on cooldown, but he won't go anywhere.

Avoid right click harassing him in lane. That's what he wants. Save your mana and HP for a full kill attempt or just harass him with magic damage.

If you're a strength hero, Whirling Death's primary attribute loss debuff will make you extremely vulnerable in lane.