Tinker Tips 

Laser deals pure damage.

Laser's 100% Blind is a big deal. Early game, you can keep it in your pocket for when a right click hero dives you. Once maxed, it's lasts about as long as a Halberd disarm.

You want to cast March of the Machines diagonally to the creep wave to ensure that the little machines have the highest probability of colliding with creeps.

Avoid drying yourself out every time you TP on the lane in the late game. Keep mana in the bank to deal with a Rearm or TP getting broken. At the very least, keep your Soul Ring off CD whenever you're Traveling back to the fountain.

You don't have to level Rearm at 6. If you're getting slow farm and aren't close to your Boots of Travel, you're better off leveling spells that can net you kills.

Remember to shift+queue your Blink Dagger while you're TPing to a creep. That split second of targeting your Blink after you teleport in could get you killed.

Using Soul Ring will always give you a +150 mana buffer, even if your mana is filled. So don't use Soul Ring before you TP out of the fountain otherwise the TP mana cost will be taken out of the buffer.

Take advantage of the few seconds of residual fountain aura when you TP to a creep. If you're fast, you should be able to use a Bottle charge and have it replenished immediately, and you should be able to lose minimal HP from Soul Ring's Sacrifice.

Don't make life hard for the carry. You have the ability to be in all three lanes whenever you want, but you also have the ability to bail at a moment's notice. Much like Nature's Prophet, Tinker's job is to farm the dangerous locations that other heroes can't. So stay out of the lane that your carry is trying to farm.

Use fake TPs to scare enemies off chasing your allies even when you don't want to commit.

You can activate a Shiva's Guard while TPing. It takes ~2.5 seconds for the Blast to fully extend, so cast it after the first second of a BoT to arrive with an expanded Blast.

Shiva's Guard provides flying vision as it expands. If you're having trouble catching slippery enemies,  consider picking up a Shiva's for the vision.

Dagon can instakill any enemy illusion. This is useful against heroes like CK, Terrorblade, Naga Siren, or Spectre.

In late game situations, remember that Glyph provides invulnerability on your creeps when used. If you need to BoT into a fight or want to bait an enemy into attempting to kill a creep, you could use Glyph offensively to save the creep.

For some reason, lane creeps drop aggro off of an enemy creep if there is a Boots of Traveled person TPing onto it. So it's up to you to kill the creep and prevent Tinker's TP.

Laser's Blind can be purged off. Or just get either of the King Bars to mitigate the Blind.

Boots of Travel's channel time does not increase based on nearby teammate TPs like scrolls do, meaning that backup from Tinker can come quickly.

Tinker is a filthy liar. Heat-Seeking Missiles miss. A lot. Ways to make them miss include: Any kind of Blinking, any kind of invisibling (including Smoke), any kind of banishing, any kind of teleporting, and any kind of spell immunity. This spell gets more disjointed than an old lady falling down the stairs, which begs the question as to why Tinker hypes their reliability.

March of the Machines deals damage based on the little robots colliding with an enemy unit. They get consumed when they hit a unit, so if you stand downstream of the March behind creeps or summons, you can avoid March damage.

Pugna's Nether Ward can make life exceptionally hard for Tinker.

Clockwerk is also a fairly good counter since he can get vision of Tinker in the trees with Flare and initiate on him from a large distance.

You can place wards on the outer cliff perimeter of the map. This gives vision above the trees that Tinkers typically Blink into.