Treant Protector Tips 

In addition to casting spells, Treant can use items while he's Nature's Guise'd. This is useful for stealthily planting wards in enemy territory or for using a TP while invis and arriving to your destination still invis.

You have phased movement through units when Guise'd.

The attack out of Nature's Guise cannot miss.

At the max level of Nature's Guise, the root lasts for 2.2 seconds and it takes 3 seconds to fade back. Sometimes you should resist the urge to keep punching someone so that you can go back invis and try to score another root.

If you're quick, you can Guise-root enemies away from trees by blinking and attacking them during the fade grace time.

Iron Branch trees work with Nature's Guise.

During pushes, save Leech Seed for when the creep waves clash under a tower so your creeps won't run away from the heal.

The two aspects of Living Armor (the heal and the block) are not separate buffs like with TA's Refraction. If you take too many damage instances, you will lose the heal. Assume that all your allies are idiots and don't understand how 'damage instances' work and avoid healing teammates when they're aggro'd by a bunch of creeps or neutrals.

Avoid casting Living Armor on a tower unless you know that the enemy creep wave is far away for the same reason.

If you use Living Armor on a tower while it's Glyphed, the damage instances won't tick down.

You can cast Living Armor through the minimap.

You can cast Living Armor on the courier.

There are always occasions when you can be using Living Armor. In the early game, be policing your lanes if anyone needs the heal. If no one needs the heal, then see if someone can benefit from the block. If no heroes need it, then look at towers. In the late game, when you're struggling for relevance, you can always cast it on creeps to ever so slowly help a push.

Since everyone knows to not BKB until Overgrowth comes out, you have to play a dangerous game of chicken with enemy carries. You can cancel the Overgrowth cast against dumber enemies, but most of the time you'll just have to bite the bullet and let the carry break out.

Both Overgrowth and your Nature's Guise punch provide true sight on rooted targets. Unfortunately, Overgrowth won't actually land on invisible targets, so don't use it if you're trying to blindly catch a Riki.

Aether Lens+Agh's allows you to place Eyes on trees that are deeper than the perimeter, making them harder for enemies to chop down.

You can place Eyes on Iron Branch trees. Iron Branch trees last for 20 seconds. This can potentially be useful for high ground defenses or sieges where trees are hard to come by.

Only Overgrowths from Eye trees will deal damage, never the Overgrowth around your hero.

It's usually worth buying sentries in lane just for Nature's Guise in most games.

You can see the Living Armor buff on enemy heroes if you click on them to check the number of block instances left and the amount of time left.

DoT spells are good at burning off Living Armor since each damage tick will take off one block instance.

The Living Armor damage block makes dives against a team with Treant a huge gambit, so avoid early game aggression.

There's no such thing as chipping down a tower against a Treant, you have to commit fully to every tower push, otherwise you're just wasting your time.

Consider aggressively pushing as soon as possible. It may seem counterintuitive, but if Tree has to blow Armor on healing towers, that means he's not using it to help his teammates.

Cast BKB or Manta Style or Lotus Orb or Guardian Greaves AFTER you're Overgrowth'd to break out of it.

If Treant has an Agh's, you should really carry a Quelling Blade or Battle Fury to chop down the Eyes.