Undying Tips 

Decay is weird nuke. You take STR+the nuke damage from a hero on every cast, but it doesn't look like much because their HP bar is still full green. After you play Dirge for a couple of games, you realize that enemies will often fail to notice how much HP they're missing in lane and how much damage you've built up. So crank the aggression.

In lane, try to use Decay only when you can catch multiple heroes. The people you are laning against are not drift compatible. Even if they're doing a good job avoiding one another, they'll eventually bumble into each other, which is when you pounce.

Try to use healing items only when you don't have Decay stacks on. Since Decay gives you more STR, you're healing a lower percentage of actual health when you eat a Tango.

Soul Rip is technically more useful as a heal than a nuke because healing isn't reduced by magic resistance.

You can Soul Rip your Tombstone to heal it.

If you're getting ganked, use Soul Rip before spamming Decay. Decay increases your STR, but Soul Rip only heals a flat amount of HP. You'll heal a larger portion of your max HP if you use Soul Rip first and then steal strength.

Zombies add to Soul Rip's unit count.

"Oh good, Flesh Golem is down, let's force a fight," said no team ever. Tombstone is your real ult, so use it carefully. The fight needs to get nice and committed before you should feel comfortable bringing the thriller, so avoid initiating with it.

If you're trying to use Tombstone as a slow, you're pretty desperate. If you're that desperate, the enemy has probably been running for a while. If the enemy has been running for a while, their teammates are probably en route. If their teammates force a fight, you have no Tombstone. Don't use Tombstone as a last ditch slow.

However, casting Tombstone in chases can be useful if you need vision since the Tombstone has 1800 day/night vision and the zombies have 1400 day/night vision for some reason.

Tombstone is great for taking Rosh since Rosh will draw aggro on your zombies.

Flesh Golem's damage amp aura works on Rosh.

Don't stand next to your lane partner when you're against Undying, especially in a trilane. If he's spamming Decay, make sure he's only hitting one hero.

Because Undying takes your STR in lane, healing items are more effective. If you've got a few stacks of Decay on yourself, that's the best time to use a Tango.

Gyro's Flak Cannon, Ember's Sleight of Fist, and Medusa's Split Shot are the only spells capable of committing mass zombie genocide.

Alchemist gets Greevil's Greed gold off zombie kills even though they have a 0 bounty.

Elder Titan's Astral Spirit gets damage and movespeed for every zombie it hits.

Kill the Tombstone. Finish it. I don't want this toss-one-attack-meh-I-didn't-do-much-damage-to-it-so-it's-not-my-problem business, or this well-we-almost-killed-it-but-then-it-got-Soul-Ripped-so-whatevs garbage. Unless your team has one of the aforementioned methods of zombie genocide it is almost ALWAYS worth killing the Tombstone the second it comes up. Even if you're faring okay as the carry, your support players fending for dear life if you don't help them.

Illusions deal as much damage to Tombstone as creeps, not heroes.

Mjollnir is a fairly good pickup against Undying since zombies constantly hitting you will help Static Shield proc more frequently. The lightning(s) won't kill zombies, though.

Crimson Guard effectively neutralizes all zombie damage for 10 seconds.

Stout Shield can also be used to block zombie damage.

Zombies will lose interest in you if you go invisible.

Zombies don't break Urn of Shadows healing.

You can see how much time is left on the Tombstone by clicking on it and watching its 'Spell Immunity' buff run down.

Flesh Golem's damage amplification is vastly underestimated. Undying isn't just being a nuisance stomping around your carry, he's being a walking Soul Catcher. You don't have to kill him right off the bat, but keep him off of your high priority allies.