Ursa Tips 

Earthshock's slow debuff lasts for nearly as long as the spell's cooldown.

You consume Overpower stacks on denial attacks.

The duration on Overpower is 5 seconds longer than the cooldown. Meaning that before you go in for a gank or into Rosh, you should cast Overpower well in advance so the second cast is already in the chamber when you need it.

When laning, try to keep Fury Swipe stacks up like you would Batrider's Sticky Napalm, especially against melee heroes. Ursa has very high base armor, so he can take abuse quite well.

Enrage purges you when you cast it. Use it to wipe off DoTs, or slows, or blinds, or ensnares. If you get an Agh's, you can also cast it to wipe off stuns.

TAKE THE ROSH TIMER WHEN YOU'RE PLAYING THIS GRIZZLY-ASS, POLAR-ASS, BROWN-ASS, BLACK-ASS, APPARENTLY-GIANT-PANDAS-ARE-ALSO-A-MEMBER-OF-THE-BEAR-FAMILY-ASS HERO.       bind "b" "chatwheel_say 57" //Current Game Time Paste that in your Steam\steamapps\common\dota 2 beta\dota\cfg\autoexec.cfg and you can note the time whenever you press B. Ballers, you're putting numbers on the boards.

If you're too lazy to do that, then alt+click on the clock or enable 'Current Time' in your chat wheel.

Ursa has no stuns, so keep your finger on the TP when you see him moseying on down towards you.

You really need at least one Force Staff on your team against Ursa, preferably more. After that, Eul's, Sheep, and Ghost Scepter are all good support items against Ursa.

Keep eyes in and on the Rosh pit when you know it's up. If you have a spell that can give you lasting vision inside the pit (Techies mines, TA traps), get one in before his first Rosh.

Good carry items against Ursa are Basher/Abyssal, Manta, Halberd, and sometimes Ethereal Blade.

Ursa can purge himself with Enrage, heroes with unpurgeable abilities like Invoker's Deafening Blast, Viper's Viper Strike, or Bloodseeker's Rupture quite useful. Enrage also can't purge off the Heaven's Halberd disarm.

Ursa's Agh's allows him to Enrage out of stuns (like Abaddon's Borrowed Time), but he still won't be able to ult when hexed or silenced.

You can purge Overpower stacks off of Ursa, making heroes like Shadow Demon or Oracle fairly good.