Vengeful Spirit Tips 

Wave of Terror is a useful spell for scouting out dangerous territory because of its massive range+vision.

Wave of Terror affects spell immune units and Roshan.

Wave of Terror can disable Blink Daggers from a massive distance.

When you're going for a sneaky Rosh, try to use Wave at such an angle that it won't show up under potential enemy vision.

Vengeance Aura only amplifies base damage and damage from attribute items, not +damage items.

Vlad's can be a worthwhile pickup on VS because between Vengeance+Vladmir's Aura you're a huge bonus damage providing hero.

Nether Swap goes through spell immunity.

When Swapping to initiate on someone with a Blink Dagger, cast Wave on them first to preemptively cancel their retreat Blink.

If you're ever against an Enigma, your assignment is to sit around and play with your hair until you can use Swap to break Black Hole.

Glimmer Cape can be a powerful pickup on VS since you can invisibly get into position to Swap, Swap a hero, and then fade out again.

Aether Lens effectively boosts Nether Swap's range to the next skill point level.

Wave of Terror is basically an AoE Medallion once maxed. This means that it's very easy for VS's team to take Rosh early and it means that tower diving a VS can be very dangerous.

When you're 20 minutes in on a terrible game and you're trying to make yourself feel better by asking, "Who has the better late game?" The answer is typically the team with VS on it. Vengeance Aura gets stronger as (most) carries get stronger.

At level 16, Nether Swap's range is 1200, which is dangerously long. During T3 tower defenses, make sure that the enemy team doesn't have wards on your high ground otherwise someone is going to get Swapped to the low ground.

If you're a support who managed to get the last hit on an enemy carry, be very wary of their Vengeance illusion coming back for... vengeance.

Vengeance Aura is granted by illusions of VS. Shadow Demon, Terrorblade, and Dark Seer can take advantage of this.

Vengeful's Agh's Vengeance illusion can be killed like any other illusion (hexes or Dagon).