Warlock Tips 

An effective way to use Fatal Bonds in lane is to prepare casting it once a wave dies. Chances are the enemy will bumble into their new fresh wave as they retreat which is the perfect time to cast it. Fatal Bonds lasts 25 seconds, which is roughly the amount of time it takes a creep wave to die, so they'll probably take the full damage from however many creeps you bonded.

Damage taken through Fatal Bonds can disable Blink Daggers.

You get a better heal for your buck than the DoT with Shadow Word because healing ignores magic resistance. Warlock's damage/animation/range are so good you could possibly end up being able to deal more net damage by spending the heal on yourself in lane and right clicking the enemy.

You can and should use Shadow Word to heal your Golem. You can also use Urn of Shadows to heal it. Hell, you can Salve, Bottle, or even Clarity it too.

Upheaval is a proactive slow, not a reactive one. This makes it a great area denial spell, especially against aggressive lanes. If enemies are choked near the side shop in lane when their wave is almost dead, just cast the whole circle behind them. Either they have to run through the entire thing, or they have to walk forward into your creeps.

This also makes it a good spell for discouraging encounters. If your team is Roshing, don't sit there plinking away with your weak ass auto attacks. Start channeling your slow on a choke point. If you think the enemy team is about to push up high ground, start channeling Upheaval on the stairs. If your teammate is getting chased, cast the circle in front of their path from a safe distance so you can get some charge time on the slow. Even if you cancel it immediately, as long as they walked into it, enemies will be slowed for 3 seconds.

When you drop the Golem on the enemy team and win the fight, remember to keep using it. The Golem is especially good at cutting off a creep wave during a tower push since its Flaming Fist ability deals damage in an AoE.

Don't feed your Golem though. It drops a 100/150/200 gold bounty (before Agh's). Deny it if you have to.

The stun from Chaotic Offering pierces spell immunity.

Try to get your allies to cast buffs on your Golem during the game. Surge, Ion Shell, Press the Attack, Ice Armor, Empower, Alacrity, Bloodlust, Aphotic Shield, and Mjollnir's Static Shield are a few choice examples that make the Golem especially deadly. Even Dazzle can Shallow Grave the Golem.

Pay attention to who's Fatally Bonded to you in the late game. You may inadvertently be killing your carry who narrowly escaped just because you wanted to finish off Rosh.

The strength of Upheaval's slow isn't determined by how long you've been standing in it, but by how long Warlock has been channeling it. Don't think you can just quickly run into an established Upheaval and get out.