Weaver Tips 

It's extremely easy to time Swarm casts during pushes. Just look at the mirror lane on your side of the map and see where those creeps are. If they're about to get into tower range, cast Swarm.

Swarm has a ridiculous amount of range. The bugs travel 3000 units, making it a choice spell for scouting Rosh attempts or finding people hiding in the jungle.

Hurricane Pike can be a worthwhile pickup on Weaver since you can Swarm an enemy, Pike them, and still have the bugs keeping vision of your target no matter how far you are.

Swarm bugs draw tower aggro, making it a smart choice to Swarm someone before diving them.

Swarm bugs work on Rosh.

If you're chasing someone down, don't break Shukuchi immediately after passing through them. Use the remainder of the bonus speed to walk in front of them before you start attacking.

Practice landing last hits off of the Geminated attack, rather than the initial one. If you're having trouble with the projectile timing, just stand right next to the creep and it'll feel like you have double damage. If you don't need help last hitting, use Geminate procs exclusively for harassing enemies.

Time Lapse before casting Shukuchi. This is like the biggest mistake beginner Weavers make.

That being said, Time Lapse does have a cast time, Shukuchi does not. If you're confident that the enemy has no detection or AoE spells to finish you off, just Shukuchi out.

Use Time Lapse liberally in lane. This isn't Reincarnation, the spell only has a minute cooldown early on.

Time doesn't tick down for Time Lapse even if you're dead. You can Time Lapse the moment you spawn after being dead for 40 seconds and show up to where you were 5 seconds before you died.

This ties into the whole 'buyback insta-Time Lapse' tactic. It's a dangerously cheesy strategy, but it works sometimes.

Time Lapse HP gain will work even if you're AA Ice Blasted.

If the enemy has a lot of silences on their team, buy a Manta Style early on to purge them off.

Try to use Dust after he Shukuchis. This way Weaver has to either instantly Time Lapse to wipe it off and be Shukuchi-less or he'll just eat the dust.

Try not to reveal you have a sentry ward in lane. Weavers Shukuchi deeeeep into creep waves whenever they're trying to get the nuke damage, but they won't do that if they know you have detection. Let Weaver get complacent before you try to go for a kill.

It always takes 4 hits from a hero to shake a Swarm bug off you.

Swarm damage can be reduced by Stout Shield.

You need to pick heroes with cheap Linken's breakers or good silences when drafting against Weaver.

Orchid is great, but beware the Linken's.