Wraith King Tips 

Wraithfire Blast is a slow projectile and the animation is extremely obvious. Use the stun as close to the enemy as you can to prevent people from disjointing it or running away.

Don't forget to toggle Vampiric Aura off to avoid pushing the lane when static farming or if you're trying to sneak up on an enemy who may see creeps in the lane suddenly lifestealing.

Mortal Strike Skeletons can't be controlled, but they will converge on any target that was just hit with a Wraithfire Blast.

Skeletons will always move to the closest attackable unit that's in vision once a target dies. When jungling, try to get vision on the next camp you want to farm as the current camp is being finished off to keep your skellies on the same page.

Early game your attack speed is usually slow enough that you can cancel attacks that look like they aren't going to crit if you're trying to farm up Skeletons.

Your illusions can also instakill creeps with Mortal Strike, but their crits won't give you Skeleton charges.

The type of crit doesn't matter for Mortal Strike's instakill. If you proc any type of crit, like Crystalys or Daedalus, it'll still kill the creep and give you a Skeleton charge.

Soul Ring or Mango can be handy on Wraith King to ensure that you'll have mana to Reincarnate at the last moment.

Sometimes it's advisable to sit on the skill point for Reincarnate. There's no point putting the spell on cooldown early on if your team can't take advantage of it, so decide to level it when you need it.

Everyone has free pathing when in Wraith Form.

Mana burns makes WK's life hard, even if he has a Soul Ring. Heroes like Invoker (EMP), Nyx (Mana Burn), Keeper of the Light (Mana Leak), Outworld Devourer (Arcane Orb and Sanity's Eclipse), Lion (Mana Drain), Medusa (Mystic Snake), Clockwerk (Cog burn), Anti-Mage (Mana Break) are obvious counterpicks. Heroes who easily build Diffusal Blade (PL, Riki, Naga, Spectre) or Necronomicon (Beastmaster, Lycan) are also good.

You can get Bloodstone charges, Bounty Hunter Track gold, an Agh's Greater Treant from Nature's Prophet, and Legion Commander Duel damage off of a Reincarnation death. You don't get Urn charges, Silencer INT steals, or Pudge Flesh Heaps.