Zeus Tips 

Zeus's auto attack damage and range and animation and projectile speed are all pretty garbage, making it almost a necessity to last hit with Arc Lightning. As a result, your lane enemy will almost certainly have a Magic Stick. If you're mid, this means you should try to exclusively cast Arc from the high ground. Enemies only get Stick charges if the caster is in vision.

Lightning Bolt gives vision, Arc Lightning does not. Cast Lightning Bolt first if you're chasing someone to make sure you don't lose your target in fog.

Lightning Bolt has a ministun which allows you to cancel channels.

Don't forget about Lightning Bolt's ground targeting capabilities. Early game you don't really have the mana to burn to use it for dewarding unless you're 100% sure you know where a ward is. Late game, though, you should be casting it all over the place to counterward.

If you ground target Lightning Bolt from fog, you won't reveal yourself to the enemy who gets hit by it. If you directly target them, they'll get vision of you.

The ground targeting also adds a bonus 325 range to the spell. This means it's just barely long enough to hit heroes from the edge of your stairs mid to the edge of the enemy's stairs mid.

If you think someone is just about to escape vision, don't risk casting Lightning Bolt on the hero, just cast it on the ground right behind them.

Try to maintain mana for your ult in the early game. The potential of getting a kill on a hero from across the map will be probably more useful than the 3 last hits you picked up with Arc Lightning.

While you theoretically do more damage with Static Field by casting Thundergod's Wrath at the beginning of a team fight, it can be better to save it for the middle/end of a fight. Players always react differently in a team fight depending on how much HP they have. By holding on to your ult, you can create a situation where the enemy will commit deeper than they wanted to because they didn't consider how much damage your ult would deal.

You can use your ult as temporary counter-initiation against teams with a lot of Blink Daggers.

Don't blow your load if you see the enemies have a Pipe up. Try burning off as much of it as you can solely with Arc Lightning+Static Field or just wait for it to time out (Pipe only lasts 10 seconds).

Nimbus will shock and reveal invis units that walk into the field. It will also shock enemies under Smoke, but will not reveal them.

Enemies can't see the Nimbus field if they can't see the Nimbus unit, even after it shocks them.

The Nimbus will always attack the unit closest to the center of the field.

The Nimbus works normally in a Faceless Void Chronosphere.

Buy a Smoke of Deceit against Zeus. Thundergod's Wrath only reveals invisible units, but does not damage them. But even then, Smoke is a weird type of invis, so even a Refreshed Thundergod's Wrath wouldn't kill you. Buy a smoke. Use it when escaping with low HP. Laugh at Zeus in all chat.

As a support, it's almost always worth getting a Cloak against Zeus. Even if your team is building a Pipe, get a Cloak.

Yeah, you should definitely consider getting a Pipe on your team against Zeus.