Mangix, the Brewmaster

Strength Hero

Deep in the Wailing Mountains, in a valley beneath the Ruined City, the ancient Order of the Oyo has for centuries practiced its rites of holy reverie, communing with the spirit realm in grand festivals of drink. Born to a mother's flesh by a Celestial father, the youth known as Mangix was the first to grow up with the talents of both lineages. He trained with the greatest aesthetes of the Order, eventually earning, through diligent drunkenness, the right to challenge for the title of Brewmaster—that appellation most honored among the contemplative malt-brewing sect.
As much drinking competition as mortal combat, Mangix for nine days drank and fought the elder master. For nine nights they stumbled and whirled, chugged and struck, until at last the elder warrior collapsed into a drunken stupor, and a new Brewmaster was named. Now the new, young Brewmaster calls upon the strength of his Oyo forebears to speed his staff. When using magic, it is to his spirit ancestors that he turns. Like all Brewmasters before him, he was sent out from his people with a single mission. He wanders the land, striving toward enlightenment through drink, searching for the answer to the ancient spiritual schism—hoping to think the single thought that will unite the spirit and physical planes again.

Thunder Clap
Slams the ground, dealing damage and slowing the movement and attack speed of nearby enemy units.
Drunken Haze
Drenches an enemy in alcohol, causing their movement speed to be reduced and their attacks to have a chance to miss.
Drunken Brawler
Gives a chance to evade attacks and to deal critical damage. This chance is guaranteed if out of combat for a short time.
Primal Split
Splits Brewmaster into elements, forming 3 specialized warriors adept at survival. If any of them survive until the end of their summoned timer, the Brewmaster is reborn.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Grants a Brewmaster skill to each warrior.
Hurl Boulder
Throws a boulder at a unit, dealing damage and stunning it for a short duration.
Spell Immunity
The Earth Warrior's hardy nature bestows upon him the aspect of spell immunity.
Demolish
The Earth Warrior's attacks crush all in his path, dealing bonus damage to buildings.
Dispel Magic
Damages summoned units in a small radius and dispels most buffs or debuffs.
Cyclone
Encloses a unit in a tornado, temporarily removing it from the battlefield.
Wind Walk
Provides temporary invisibility. Gains bonus movement speed when invisible, and deals bonus damage when breaking the invisibility with an attack.
Permanent Immolation
The Fire Warrior is constantly aflame, burning nearby enemy units within a short distance of him.