Kaolin, the Earth Spirit

Strength Hero

Deep amid the Upland crags and cliffs there runs a seam of sacred jade long foresworn by highland minders. From this rare material, the likeness of the great general Kaolin was carved and buried at the head of a stone funerary army ten thousand strong—a force of soldiers and holy men, jesters and acrobats, carved by crafstmen and entombed for millennia in the dark embrace of the Earth.
What the craftsmen had not known was that within the strange seam of jade flowed the spirit of the Earth itself—an elemental force at one with the planet. When the force within the carved jade found itself cut off from the life's blood of the world, it gathered its strength over the course of a thousand years and dug itself free and into the light. Now the great Kaolin Earth Spirit strides the Upland roads, fighting for the spirit of the Earth; and in times of need calls forth remnants of his buried army still locked in the loving embrace of the soil.

Boulder Smash
Kaolin slams an ally, enemy, or Stone Remnant, knocking them away and damaging enemies the slammed target collides with. Slammed stones travel farther than unit targets and also stun impacted enemies.
Rolling Boulder
Kaolin turns into a boulder and begins spinning in place to build up momentum. He launches himself a distance in the direction he is facing, damaging units he passes through but stopping if he collides with an enemy hero or is stunned. Rolling over a Stone Remnant will add momentum, increasing roll distance, roll speed, damage, and adding a slow to the hero Kaolin collides with.
Geomagnetic Grip
Kaolin runs a magnetic charge through the Stone Remnant, quickly pulling it to himself. Enemies struck by the target being pulled will be silenced, and will also be dealt damage if the pulled target is a Stone Remnant.
Magnetize
Magnetizes units in a small area around Earth Spirit, causing them to take damage over time for a short duration. Any magnetized heroes cause nearby Stone Remnants to become energized and explode, applying and refreshing the magnetize debuff on all units near the Stone Remnant. This process can repeat multiple times. Stone Remnants are destroyed in this process.
Stone Remnant
Kaolin raises a Stone Remnant from the depths of the earth to aid him in battle. Creating a Stone Remnant consumes a charge, and charges replenish over time.
Enchant Remnant
Earth Spirit temporarily enchants an ally or enemy hero, turning them into a Stone Remnant. After a few seconds the remnant shatters, releasing the hero and damaging nearby enemies.