Ezalor, the Keeper of the Light

Intelligence Hero

Upon a pale horse he rides, this spark of endless suns, this Keeper of the Light. Ezalor long ago escaped the Fundamental plane, separating from the other ancient forces to which he was bound within the great Primordial harmony. He is a power grown sentient in the dawn of the universe, and now rides forth in all planes at once, one step ahead of pursuing chaos, bearing his gift with him at the end of a radiant staff. His majestic truth lies hidden beneath the outward appearance of a slightly doddering old man who barely stays in the saddle. However, when faced with the challenge of chaos, or the forces of darkness, his primordial light bursts forth, and his full power is revealed, transforming him once again into a force to be reckoned with.

Illuminate
Channels a ball of light energy, building power the longer it's channeled. Once released, the ball deals damage and gives vision in a line. The longer it is channeled, the more damage dealt.
Release Illuminate
Release the channel early.
Mana Leak
Weakens an enemy's magical essence, causing them to lose a percentage of mana when they move. If the enemy loses all of its mana, it will be stunned.
Chakra Magic
Restores mana to the targeted ally, increases its max mana and reduces the cooldown of the next spell they cast.
Spirit Form
Ezalor turns his body luminescent temporarily, and gains the Blinding Light and Recall abilities. Illuminate is now channeled by a separate spirit.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Makes Spirit Form permanent and grants flying vision during the day.
Illuminate (Spirit Form)
Channels a ball of light energy, building power the longer it's channeled. Once released, the ball deals damage and gives vision in a line. The longer it is channeled, the more damage dealt.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Makes Illuminate heal for the damage it deals during the day.
Release Illuminate
Release the channel early.
Recall
After a short delay, teleports the targeted friendly hero to your location. If the targeted friendly hero takes player based damage during this time, the ability is interrupted.
Blinding Light
A blinding light flashes over the targeted area, knocking back and blinding the units in the area, causing them to miss attacks.