Meepo, the Geomancer

Agility Hero

If you ask me, life is all about who you know and what you can find. When you live up in the Riftshadow Ruins, just finding food can be tough. So you need to cut corners, you need to scrounge, you need to know your strengths. Some of the beasts up there can kill you, so you need a way to trap the weak and duck the strong. On the upside, the ruins have history, and history is worth a lot to some people. There used to be a palace there, where they had all these dark rituals. Bad stuff. If you survived the ceremony, they would shatter a crystal and split your soul into pieces. They made great art though! Sculptures and such. Let me tell you: sometimes you stumble onto some of those old carvings. Take a pack full of those to town and sell them, then get yourself food for a few weeks. If luck is really on your side, you might find a Riftshadow crystal. Get it appraised and start asking around. Someone always knows some crazy fool looking for this kind of thing. If all else fails, sell it to a Magus the next time one's in town. They love that stuff. Still, whatever you do, be careful handling those crystals. You do not want one to go off on you. It really hurts.

Earthbind
Tosses a net at the target point, pinning down all enemy units. Earthbind roots targets, preventing movement, invisibility, blink, and several other mobility spells.
Poof
Drawing mystical energies from the earth, a Meepo can teleport to another Meepo or itself after preparing for short time, dealing damage in both the departure and arrival locations.
Geostrike
Meepo enchants his weapon to deal damage per second, as well as slow the movement speed of the attacked unit. Geostrikes from multiple Meepos stack.
Divided We Stand
Meepo summons an imperfect, semi-autonomous duplicate of himself. Each clone can gain gold and experience as the main Meepo does, sharing the same stats, experience level, and abilities. The clones cannot wield any items except for the best boots the main Meepo wears. If any Meepo dies, they all die.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Adds an extra Geomancer.