Morphling

Agility Hero

For dark eons the comet circled. Held in thrall to a distant sun, bound by gravity's inexorable pull, the massive ball of ice careened through the blackness between worlds, made strange by its dark journey. On the eve of the ancient war of the Vloy, it punched down through the sky and lit a glowing trail across the night—a sign both armies took for an omen. The frozen ball melted in a flash of boiling heat, as below two forces enjoined in battle across the border of a narrow river. Thus freed from its icy stasis, the Morphling was born into conflict, an elemental power at one with the tides of the ocean, capricious and unconstrained. He entered the fight, instinctively taking the form of the first general who dared set foot across the water—and then struck him dead. As the motley warriors clashed, he shifted from form to form throughout the battle, instantly absorbing the ways of these strange creatures—now a footsoldier, now an archer, now the cavalryman—until, by the time the last soldier fell, Morphling had played every part. The battle's end was his beginning.

Waveform
Morphling dissolves into liquid and surges forward, damaging enemy units in his path.
Adaptive Strike (Agility)
Launches a surge of water toward an enemy unit, dealing base damage plus additional damage based on Morphling's Agility times a multiplier. If Morphling's Agility is 50% higher than Strength, the maximum damage and the minimum stun is dealt.
Adaptive Strike (Strength)
Launches a surge of water toward an enemy unit, stunning and knocking back the target based on Morphling's strength. If his Strength is 50% higher than his Agility, the maximum stun is dealt.
Attribute Shift (Agility Gain)
Morphling shifts its form, pulling points from Strength and pouring them into Agility. The process is reversible. Additional points increase the rate of stat change. Passively grants bonus Agility.
Attribute Shift (Strength Gain)
Morphling shifts its form, pulling points from Agility and pouring them into Strength. The process is reversible. Additional points increase the rate of stat change. Passively grants bonus Strength.
Morph
Morphling changes his form to match the targeted enemy, gaining their basic abilities.
Morph Replicate
Morphling returns to his original form.