Nevermore, the Shadow Fiend

Agility Hero

It is said that Nevermore the Shadow Fiend has the soul of a poet, and in fact he has thousands of them. Over the ages he has claimed the souls of poets, priests, emperors, beggars, slaves, philosophers, criminals and (naturally) heroes; no sort of soul escapes him. What he does with them is unknown. No one has ever peered into the Abysm whence Nevermore reaches out like an eel from among astral rocks. Does he devour them one after another? Does he mount them along the halls of an eldritch temple, or pickle the souls in necromantic brine? Is he merely a puppet, pushed through the dimensional rift by a demonic puppeteer? Such is his evil, so intense his aura of darkness, that no rational mind may penetrate it. Of course, if you really want to know where the stolen souls go, there's one sure way to find out: Add your soul to his collection. Or just wait for Nevermore.

Shadowraze
Shadow Fiend razes at a short distance in front of himself, dealing damage to enemy units in the area. Deals more damage to units hit by Shadowraze in succession.
Shadowraze
Shadow Fiend razes at a medium distance in front of himself, dealing damage to enemy units in the area.
Shadowraze
Shadow Fiend razes at a far distance in front of himself, dealing damage to enemy units in the area.
Necromastery
Shadow Fiend steals the souls from units he kills, gaining bonus damage. If the unit killed is a hero, he gains more souls.
Upon death, he releases half of the collected souls from bondage, dealing damage as if you had cast Requiem of Souls. This effect is independent from his ultimate.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Increases maximum souls.
Presence of the Dark Lord
Shadow Fiend's presence intimidates those who would dare stand against him, reducing the armor of nearby enemies.
Requiem of Souls
Captured souls are released to deal massive damage, as well as slowing and reducing the attack damage of nearby enemy units. The closest enemy units are hit the hardest, intersecting with more lines of damage.

 Upgradeable by Aghanim's Scepter. Souls return, dealing additional damage and healing Shadow Fiend.